Om
Ok
And we are here
Good Morning and Welcome
Will Be Like Team Play
Forest
defend
We have teams are ready already Unilite
Strikers want the toughest to field
First and they invited team how done to bat
Stay tuned for the live action
This will be more exciting contest today
Umpires are ready, fielders are ready
Setting Up the Field Devdas The Captain
And we are all in readiness to start
Ok. So here we go
In the countdown of five
Four
Three to one game on.
First ball bit of a misfield there. etv
Leg Will They [ __ ] Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum Bum
Back for Two and They Will Get It Easily
Just swiping it towards your leg and to your ears
Taken
So I welcome all the viewers and
Spectators Watching Us Slime Marshall
Mithit Solanki I welcome you all it's a great
Environment here at for them grounds
Vidya Well Mumbai Bhai
Good Placement
and a single
It's a Bright Side Day the weather is clear
Perfect Condition [Music] to play and
Quarter Final One Already Started
That's Left Right Combination
And now Captain Vishal Jadhav is on strike.
For him, one fielder at square leg and one
At long on
Wow we have the IPL vibes [music] also
On
Three for no loss after two balls being
Bold
No ball single by the umpire
And Will Be Free Hit Coming Up
Om
And this time looking to connect for the big one
Miss Complete Good Bing from Mahesh Shetty
Started the Presidings
Excellent Bing Excellent Bing Putting
Pressure on Captain Vishal
will get a single
And softly pleaded with single run at covers.
So Steady Start from Team Howden Good
Bowling from Mahesh Shetty One Was Gone
Six One O Los Team Howden
The Captain Devdas in The Attack
Ashish on strike
One Six for No Loss
That's very good bowling in to the block hall
Just a single they are not along better too
Play for the Big Shots
Now give left right combination
And they will burn the calories of the fielders
Vishal Ja is one of the strongest contenders
Looking to Connect But Going Down the Leg
Side and they're going for one more run direct
It could be the chance at the non-striker end
And two extras added in the total no for no
Loss
Om
So back to back wides 10 for no loss score
Is it going double digits?
Wa good stop in the follow through skipper
Devdas
Score 10 Losses
O that's outside edge and gone
The Much Needed Break Through and Captain
Strikes
Excellent taken at caught behind by the
Wicket-keeper push
The new better Mitesh Patil is coming at number
Three
Down the leg side for a wide, umpire Mr.
Om Singh Signalling That Wide
1.31 for one the score
Once again going down the leg side
Devdas Rani Need To Come We
Some Stung Strategy
Many wide in this over so
Four wide sofa in this over
Excellent Bing that's very good [ __ ] yes no
Yes No and Something Mixed Up Between the
Batters but finally the manage single
With the single 13 for One
Change in the field settings
long on and between mid wicket and square
Leg
Just going again outside the off stump line
For wide many extra [ __ ]
They already have seven extras
They got him a wicket but many rans also
Coming for the batting side
Looking for a Big One
Is Got That Outside Edge
But the fielder hit a shot to third man for a
Single.
So 15 for one last ball coming up of the
Second over.
Oh that's very good bowling wow that's very
good [ __ ]
An end of the over to over gone 15 for one how
Done
So Tours Gone 15 for One Once Again Good
Morning and welcome to the ICICI Lamb
Presenting Brokers Premier League Two Two
26 Season Three
And this is quarter-final one in
Progress
As a team, how did taking up with Yunil
Strikers
Initially Unilite Strikers One The Toss
id to field first they invited team how
Done to bat first so that's the end of the power
The play Many Fielders Can Be Go Outside The
circle but minimum four fielders should be
Inside Circle
Starting the New Over
Captain Vishal Jadhav on strike
And that's a good strike that's gone high
in the air
Oh he dropped it Mahesh was the fielder at
He drops it on long on and Vishal Jadhav
Survives
This is the pressure of the quarter-final game
It's Not Easy to Take That High Catch
That bit troubles a lot after you are
Dropping that catch and we have immediately
Change in the field settings because left
Right combination on the crease.
Umpire turns on no ball
So no plus
Two Runs
Team How Done Needs to Come with Some Strong
Strategy Many Runs Considered in Extras
Some in No Balls
The score is 19 for one after 2.1
And that's a good strike high in the butt will
It Will Land Safe
only a single
24 One with That Single 2.2
And they know the importance of the game on the field
Settings
The Team Who Wins Will Get Semi-Finals [Music]
stamp
And for the left hand a long on we have
The Fielder at
Almost at Cow Corner
and one at square leg
scho
Wide once again back to back they getting more
Extra
They Almost Considered Nine Extra
21 for one
dead ball
Looking for the man cutting wicket
Again down the leg side for a wide
22 for one seven runs in this over so for two
Balls being bowled
Rahul Baheti
Last Night Hero He Was in the Last Over
The score was won by six runs.
What a match that was against
Gallagher United. One Ball Seven Needed End
Defended Very Well. And this time high in the
Will and safe.
There was a backup fielder and two runs taken.
Good cricket from the team, how done.
24 for One after 2.4
This time, he has made space and played in the air and
over the fielder
The umpire will check the boundary once four runs are over.
Strong four for
And now I was looking for this
And this is a great four runs
That's the first boundary of the innings
From Vishal Yadav
And that's high in the air
And again he has dropped that catch
Couldn't get hold of it once again batsman
Survive Vishal Jadhav
So three gone 3 for one team haun
A quarter-final on 30 after three overs
The forest is ongoing. All the cricketers look like
Live heavy. Everyone is welcome and once again
Sunday is cricket day.
And I remember my childhood days when we used to spend time together on Sundays.
Used to play cricket. holiday,
Sunday is cricket day.
He just picked up his bat, called everyone and
Played cricket. What a moment that was? 90s Kid All
Will relate.
This time I wanted to cut it. excellent bowling
Mahesh Shetty
Mitesh Patil and Vishal Jadhav are now a little
The talks will set the strategy there.
How to bat in the 20 overs
Two Runs
Time
3.3 [Music] 331
how done
Setting on the side again for Vishal Jadhav
And this time he has blown the ball in the air
But safe
only a single
34 off one ball with one run
Good batting is going on and whatever runs are coming
He got extra help here.
12 extras so far in this innings
This time I have blown my chance, this is my chance and this
This time Devdas will not make any mistake. Fumble
He definitely got caught but in the second attempt
Caught and second wicket keeping here
Team Howden
I'll breathe for one night
Strikes Second Wicket Fall 3.5
34 for two
Om
New batter Amit Aniket Kerkar on strike
Last bowler before over.
A good defence, good bowling.
So, success over comes to an end Mahesh
Shetty two over eight for one. Just four runs off
The do and one wicket four gone 34 for two how
Done, we have to see how he goes in the next four overs.
Anit Aniket and Vishal will bat
Vishal is batting 12 off 11 balls
One Four
And the team here expects
Huge fireworks here and good ones
The batter is stung off the leg side region
Four overs gone 34 for two four overs gone 34
for two
This time it has blown away. There is a chance.
and Devdas
and taking a catch
Team here: Unlight Strikers
making a comeback
They gave more extras here.
But now back to back two wickets
And the biggest wicket was Vishal Jadhav.
Great catch there running catch and good
Grabbed 4.1 one 34 three how done
Siddha Gaikwad is the new batsman on strike.
wanted to push, wanted to cut but
no contact. Bat and ball straight to the keeper
in gloves
Excellent bowling.
Giving away expensive wickets in the first over and
Rahul Baheti. Now back here
They. No runs so far.
Three balls, got a wicket on the first ball.
He has played a full toss ball in the over.
Takes two runs towards long off.
Sure
a little widesh
The ball goes towards long off and two runs are taken.
36 off three with two runs How Done 4.4 off 36
Three
And we will have to see in the next two balls.
Siddha Gaikwad is the new batsman
Will you make a big attack?
Excellent bowling.
Only two runs were given on the last ball of this over.
In the over. He had conceded 15 runs in the first over.
And he made this comeback.
Three for 36.
This time I've pushed it, the best stop there.
But it is very important to have backup there.
But Captain Devdas was the backup fielder
37 for three after five overs, how done?
3 for 37 in five overs, 12 extras
So far in this innings
So you can say if the extras here
Had he not come, there would have been only 25 runs.
Tanmay Rana Transforms into Bing
Superb pushed by Bing for a single.
This time I had made a place and wanted to play but
Couldn't make time, got totally beaten there
The special thing about medium pacers is that they can hit any ball on this pitch.
Batsman strikes properly
I'll take one run here with a little dew factor.
Due to fielding
Some fielders are slipping over there and it
Very [music] could be bad news
fielding for the team because for the team
You have to be careful because the due factor
still ongoing
So you don't get hurt here.
have to take care
The full toss ball has been played over the fielder.
Over that
I'll take a run here
Excellent bowling, gave away only two runs in this over.
Four balls so far in
40 for three
This time I pushed it lightly. steal a run
Have taken it.
End of over: 43 for three after six overs.
Six overs gone 43 for three. How done.
43 for three outs after six overs
Captain and once came on one over knocking
Are.
That's well driven into the covers but it was
Straight to the fielder.
Tanmay Rana the fielder at covers only
Single
44 for three
The fielder in deep deep square leg and deep
Cover long of long on and they have mid
wicket
Just Tuck It Away for Singles
45 three
Devdas to Aniket
And that's a good strike
Only a single they're looking for two
46 for three good over so far just three runs
Three singles back to back
Back to back four singles good bowling from
Devdas
47 for three
Last two balls coming up of the seventh over.
Well they go for some big hits. need some fire
Works Here.
That's High in the Air.
and dropped
Many catches drop them almost four catches
Drop today in the fielding side
And the Batsman Survives
It's Not Easy to Take That Catch
Single Run
So five singles from the over so far last
Ball coming up 48 for three
This time going much wider outside the offline
For wide 49 for three with it wide
Last ball of the penultimate over
49 [music] for three
Swing n good bowling end of the over seven
Gone how done 49 for three after seven overs 49
Pay Three How Done
So coming up the last over of the first
Innings you are watching ICCI Lamb
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
League 225 2
Season Three
49 for three
Last Five Balls
Make room for excellent bowling
Tanmay Rana gave away just five runs in 1.2 overs
Last four balls coming up of the first
innings
This time trying to bowl very much shot off
Pitch length lost his momentum completely and
Howden completes 50, 50 for Team Howden
Wide 50 for three off the last four balls
Yes out outside edge and gone. That's a Fourth
Wicket down.
7.350
For four.
Tanmay Rana very good bowling something to cheer
For Him Because He Restricts the Team Howden
They're expecting 6070 may be but that's a
Good comeback from the team UNIL Strikers.
Last three balls coming up Vishal the new
batter
Full toss ball
will they come back for the running they are going
and direct hit
And yes that's out direct hit and gone
One more wicket falls 51 for the five down team
Outen
That's a very good throw from the fielder
So that's a good throw from Madhav
51 for five 7.4 last two balls coming up
of the first innings quarter final one is
On
The team who wins will directly go into the
SEMA Finals.
Kartik Kohli
New Batter
Get extra runs added to the total of 52 for
Five
Again Wide
17 extras in the innings
53 for five off the last two balls
Full toss ball and that's a good strike
Towards mid-wicket they go for two runs.
This could be one more chance for run out and
Tanmay not collected that ball to run 55 for
Five last ball coming up off of the first
innings
Let's see the ball is going towards fine
Leg region will it run away yes for rons
Finished Off In Style
And that's the end of the first innings
After eight overs 59 for five initially won
The Toss by UNIL Strikers Decided to
Ball first they invited team how done to bat
First and eight over gone 59 for five the
Target to Chase Will Be 60
To Watch ICICI Lamb Presents
Brokers Premier League Two to Six Season
Three and Now Heading Towards the Quarter
Final to the time and may I request Pink
Panthers Pink Warriors
and Anand Ra United
We are fan of Pink Panthers Pink Warriors
Pink Warriors Captain and Anand Ra
United
So may request Captain of Pink Warriors
and Captain of Anand Ra United
I request Team Anand Rati Captain Anand
Ra United
Pink Warriors Captain
Pink Banthers Captain for the Coin Toss
Come on team Yunil Strikers Batters Aa
Go
ok hello and welcome back good morning once
Back to the exciting game of cricket this
Is the quarter-final one of ICC Lamb
Present Brokers Premier League Two Two
Six Here We Go First Ball
Bat added first [music] at overs 59 for
Five
Rahul Bharti and
[music]
36 balls and 53 runs from the equation
So good start at the day two of this tall
Brokers Premier League Two and 26 Season Three
We Had a Very Exciting First Day 16
Teams Participated
In this tournament and now at teams going
For that semi-final glory for the final
Glory and who will that semi-final the
Four Teams
After this match, coming up the quarters
Final to Pink Panthers Anand Ratna United
The Third Quarter File Will Be Admitted Titans
One l One Team and Fourth will be President
Warriors and a lot of excitement
Coming Up Sunday Special Sunday Dhamaka
Two overs, seven runs, one wicket needed in six overs
53 runs has made the match very interesting.
But in this over
will take two runs
Nine for One
overs at the rate of nine runs per over
You will have to play to chase this target.
This time I pushed it lightly. Square
in the direction of the leg
And here we will take two runs. Excellent running
Smart Cricket
back to back two runs
11 for one.
Om
So Rahul Dubey retired
And the New Better
Mahesh Shetty on strike
Three gone 18 for two
Let See Only a Single Run
Are looking for two runs but very good
Fielding
Long on fielder coming towards the 30 circle
[music]
So 19 for three.
And the Skipper Coming at Number Five
The entry is made like MS Dhoni was on
strike
World Cup Final
And Tuck It Away Nicely
And they will go for two runs
What a match 2011 World Cup final Gambhir
Played 97 runs and Dhoni middle order
Perform Really Well
And India got the second World Cup win
After 1983
Excellent batting from Devdas very good
Start first ball to run then single run
The Team Under Pressure and Captain Wakes In
38 runs and 26 balls the equation is 38 runs and
26 balls
There may be danger and here the Keeper Collect
Couldn't do it. Two runs here quickly.
Ran away.
Nine runs have to be scored in every over here.
Union Strikers to win the match
36 runs needed from 36 balls now 25
25 balls and 36 runs in balls
last ball of this over
Will Get Only Single
And Madhav Kadam is batting really well
Playing on 17, one four four in 10 balls
25 runs in overs three and four after overs
Need 35 runs in 24 balls
So four overs going 25 for three you needed
Strikers and they need 35 runs in the next
four overs
We are watching ICICI presents brokers
Premier League 2 Season 3
And let's see now Aniket Kerkar the new bowler
Inu the Attack
Attempt to shoot multiple shots
And did it come from a run bat?
could be the chance for the catch
o very good bowling o chance could be the chance
Off that run out behind stumps
But Keeper Is Not Taking the Risk for That
Extra Runs
Good bowling from Aniket
That's going backward region may be
Will wait for the umpire's signal
Came from the Bat
Two Runs
32 runs in 21 balls now the question is for
Union Strikers
32 runs needed in 21 balls
Team Hown will go for this partnership to
Broken Because They Too Big Content Devdas and
Madhav Kadam
Oh good bowling
That's what the bowler will end their leg by the
Umpire Ravi Singh
Bowling at the line of the length middle of the
line and that's 20 balls
29 from 18 balls and this will be the
Interesting over coming up that to
Interesting overs from the team Howden Agar
KG is kept here. be a little difficult
UNIL Strikers can target this
To chase.
29 runs in 18 balls.
Excellent fielding only a single end
That's what Captain Vishal is expecting.
Effective efficient fieldings.
28 runs in 17 balls
that could be taken
26 runs in 15 balls
Excellent shot inside out one bounce into the
Fans for four runs a much needed boundary for
The Team Uniland Strikers
What a shot that was from Madhav Kadam
Batting really well 23 15 with two fours
Just a single match is getting more
Interesting here
They are batting really well, they are fielding really
Well that's the end of the over. 39 after six overs.
Pay three that six overs gone 39 for three
21 runs needed in two overs
21 runs in 12 balls
Can Get 10 Runs 11 Runs
They will go for two they are going for two runs
that's good running
The fielder at shot mid wicket not able to
Stop That Ball and The Equation Says 10
18 runs needed in 18 balls
18 runs in 10 balls
what a match
This is the total chance for the run out and
Throw was not dead for no
Single Run
17 runs nine balls what a match
Down the track playing it towards covers they
are going for two runs and this could be the
Chance for the run out o the keeper has not
collected that ball in hud
And look at the disappointment on their face
What a match Vishal is not happy at all
Two runs taken 15 runs from a ball
15 Runs at Balls Important to Balls
Coming Up
Very good bowling
Aniket and at his best.
They need one more dot ball to get that 15 runs
In the last over. 15 needed in seven balls
Run.
And this time good strike. will they come back
For two.
Going for it.
And they will get to Rans. So that's the end of the
From over no.
47 for three and need 13 runs in one over.
13 runs needed in six balls. Must see
Whose government will it be and which government will it be now?
Government of Bar Cricket.
Which team will qualify for the semi-final one?
Haun and Unilite Stryker Lates c.
And wow, that's gone high in the air for six.
Runs
A much needed maximum hit from Madhav Kadam
And with that, the equation says they need one more.
Big Hit to Get the Ticket Into This Semi-Final
What a batting from Madhav Kadam
These six runs are needed in four balls
Tension Rising in Both Teams
I'm holding my nerves in the combobox
34 216 This is like a match winning batting
From Madhav Kadam here we go four balls six runs
oh he is gone what is this happening
Quarter Final One. that's a very good
Throw. And excellent batting.
A good effort. Can we have a big round of
Loss to Madhav Kadam.
Excellent batting. 35 22 Two Force and One
Maximum hit. And now we need three balls
Six runs.
Six runs and three balls.
what a match
DJ you can set the sound of heartbeat
Effect
That's a Heart Beat
What a match, what a match, first quarter
Final of ICICI Lamb Brokers Premier
Ligue 2 Season 3
Akshay Akshay Pandey The New Better
Thank you DJ
Need three runs in three balls now, here we go.
And this time hit hard very good stop them
We're going for two runs and this could be one
More wickets fall
One hit, one big hit, and that's it, a team.
How will I go for that wicket?
Great match, who will enjoy Sunday funday now?
whose punishment
Khush Shah the new batter walks in two balls
five runs in
Outside Edge
Only a Single They're Going for One More Run
This Will Be the Suicidal Run Out for Sure One
More wickets and they need
Four run balls and four runs.
What a match, what a match.
One ball, four runs.
Here We Go
one ball four runs
And that's a good strike.
Oh very good stop.
at least they go for three runs they are going for
Three runs there could be the chance and the match team
Howden they got the victory what a match the
The first quarter-final ended in dramatic
Cinematic Fantastic
Wow
Absolutely brilliant for performance by
The Team It's a Team Effort Can You See
Player of the Match Goes to Any Guess
That goes to absolutely Vishal Jadhav
For Vishal, I would like to say Mausam Mastana
Vishal made everyone unknown to the path
crazy
Very Well Played That's the First Team
Entering into the SEMA finals of
ICICI Lombard Brokers Premier
League 226 Season Three
So Team How and Make Some Nice
Wow
And very well played team for the unitl we
Can have big round up for you?
Strikers also really played well
Performances from Devdas Rane and also Madhav
He batted brilliantly
And it's time for the quarterfinals to v
Have already on the fielder the team pink
Panthers Taking Up With
So hello good morning and welcome back once
Welcome again everyone ICICI Lamb
Brokers Premier League Two and Two Six
Season Three We Got First Semi-Final
semi-finalists
The Team Hown Second Quarter Final Here We
Go All in Readiness
Pink Panthers
Taking Up vs Anand Rath United 3 to 1
Game On
And That's Got Away Nicely by Straight the
fielder
No straight to the fielder. So we are the two
Batters Atul Sharma, Piyush Lodha and Prateek
Kadam already started the presidings
From Pink Panthers.
So second quarter final
Direct Hit Could Be the Chance
That's good running and also there was a
Very good throw from the fielder covers but
Single check four balls three runs no wicket
Wow
Excellent shot that will go all the way for four
Runs
Captain
Need to come back.
What a First Fantastic Game We Had
Quarter Final One. that was between howdun
vs United Strikers. Give One By
one run what a match
So ball one go on to lose Anand Ra United
And this time flicked nicely for a single
run at mid wicket
1.18 for no loss
Rahul Sawant bowling the second inside over
Lucky has come
end single run
1.29 for no loss
Pushed gently. Direct
Could have been a hit chance here, wicket
Could have done.
Both batsmen rotate the strike here.
Score here now double digit 10 runs
1,310 runs no wickets
Down the Track But Completely Beaten
Looking to Play Across the Line Piyush Lodha
10 Ball 10 Fo Los
That's a good strike but only a single run
So very good from Rahul Sawant just
Conceded four runs came in the first over.
Runs now 4 runs 1.5 111 runs no wicket
No
And that's a good strike
Just a Single
So two overs gone 12 for no loss Anand Raj
United
So to wa gon 12 quarter final to
And we had a fantastic fun night together
Supporters. So Anand Rath United Supporters
make some noise
What a thing, wow and if you are supporting
Pink Panthers Make Some Noise
Said all the players are inside
But May Be Specters Watching
They are supporting
And waiting for the more crowd to become too
Watch this exciting game of cricket
Quarter Finals The Iconic Cricket
Ground in Mumbai Fatima Grounds
We Got The One Semi-Final Team How Done
qualified
The Total Four Quarter Final Games Today
Semi-final one, semi-final two, and it will be the
One Match for the Third Place and Then the Grand
Finale
So many more entertainment to come stay tuned
To Watch ICS Tall Brokers Premier League
Live on YouTube channel Go Live. so like
And subscribe and press the bell icon to
Get the regular updates of the match.
That's played away nicely for a single.
Piyush and Atul Roti Strike vs Singles
Piyush has got one boundary in the first over
13 for No Loss
Oh that's gone
This time the ball is lifted in the air for one bounce
Fielder present there in the cow corner region
and take two runs
Akash Jadhav, a dashing batsman, at 15
Is. Last season he was a stalwart
I batted well and I batted brilliantly yesterday too.
Was. Lots of big hits and today for the team.
This time there is opportunity in the air and great effort
Over there.
If Glenn Phillips had taken this catch,
would have been the best catch and I think Glenn
Phillips over there catching a flight over here
I would definitely have come. What a spectacular effort by
The Fielder.
Almost fielders became goalkeepers. drive
He jumped, jumped and swam.
What was that? And one more chance. this time
In the air and he takes it that's the
How did Howrah win the match and
Now the second quarter final is a
The excitement at this Fatima Ground is different.
In.
Yes Mitesh
God is also a little kind today.
The sunlight hasn't reached the ground yet.
Is. Due to which the dues have not been cleared.
And because of the dew, the ball stopped a bit.
Is it coming?
Three overs, 17 runs, two wickets.
Now Atul will take the strike.
He is a very good and composed batsman.
Cover drive is his patent shot.
Yes, you are absolutely right. a little early on
Facing a bit of a problem here
Fell. There is a little due factor and now let's see
As the game progresses here, the sun will rise.
I'll come here a little and I'm looking for sunshine
A little ground that one will maintain
Yes!
Hemanth as the new bowler
Left arm over the wicket like
a little understanding
will have to bat from
Which is the target in your mind set. That
We will have to reach the goal.
Then you will be able to depend. next ball
Pushed lightly to the on side.
Vikas is the fielder behind.
Vikas is also considered a good fielder.
He is bowling very well.
Three balls, two runs.
Three C Two Ball Three on 18
Slight fielding changes
Yash, we have to fire a firework here.
Now Vaux will have to bat aggressively.
and wide ball signal
Umpires Tajmal Khan, Leg-umpire Naushad Khan
The next ball was a good ball and
Outside edge over the keeper to third man
Collected the ball, did not stop for a run
found
Deepesh and Nitesh Kumar are the batsmen at the crease.
Having more
The last over was very good Vikas Shukla
One over, five runs, two wickets and now here.
Watch: Three runs and a wicket in three balls
excellent bowling
This time the ball is blown in the air but
The ball could not reach the fielder and two runs were scored.
will take it here
Left hand batsman feels like this Om Sir
A good chance over long on
to hit a six
Yes!
A little boundary shot for him too.
There is a little boundary shot for left-handers.
C not more than two to four meters
Which can be crossed.
next ball
Good
Yes, it was a light ball. Batsman could not read
And the ball became a dot.
Reminds me of a left-handed batsman.
2011 World Cup semi-final Brett Lee
Suresh Raina hit a six off the ball
That was a unique moment from over long on.
Yes, Suresh Raina is also a very strong batsman.
Were.
Pushed lightly towards square leg
On the side. Run hard for the first run and run for the second run
Are. It's very risky to watch, but
Slight weakness in the throw
If the batsman had applied a little more force,
Could have got into trouble.
Yes, the over ends with exactly two runs.
Anand Rathi United 3 for 24 in four overs.
So Anand Ra United you have to say
United are you ready you have to say
United I would say Anand Rathi Okay Three
To One Here We Go Anand Rathi
Anand Rathi
Brother will win, brother will win
Om Sir, we will say that both the teams will win and whoever
Whichever team wins
who plays good cricket
The team that wins will throw us a party.
Yes, congratulations to him from our side.
batsman
Three for 24 in four overs. Four overs to come now
Om Sir, it seems to me that this target
Now we have to set a bigger target Pink
For the Panthers.
Yes, you will have to take a little risk.
The next ball was a very good ball but was light.
went out and umpire Naushad gave his
2 Wide ball with both arms open
has given
New bowler Vikas Right from the pavilion
Arm
And the shot played at mid-wicket by two players
behind the ball
Can't stop it from two runs
one run shot one run shot
Umpire Naushad
Players should pay attention to the umpire's view
You can't escape, you have to complete the run
Will have to.
Next ball from Vikas's side of the pavilion
Good ball, inside edged towards third man.
Batsman runs for runs
Four balls, two runs, two fours, four overs, two balls, 27
three wickets
Next ball, Vikas pulls to Dipesh.
Is
The first run is strong and the player is a little
Dipesh got two runs for the form.
Couldn't stop it from happening.
The next ball was for Vikas.
Dil Score Shot
Play with a little light hands
Four overs, four balls, 30 runs, three wickets
Two balls remaining in the over
Nitesh Vikas on strike next ball
The ball was lightly on my feet and I hit it.
Very short to the leg side for four.
nice shot
[music]
Three wickets on the last ball of the over.
of development
Slow one for Nitesh
And once again a mistake in the hands of the fielder
and two runs
Nitesh and Deepesh again
36 runs in five overs
three wickets
Yes, we will have to see in the next three overs.
Anand Raj United Nitish Kumar and
How will Dipesh bat and
he says
Nitesh sir will drink some water outside the pitch.
The umpires will pay a little attention outside the pitch
And I felt scared here for a while.
The way you started it,
Very strict umpiring has been raised
Om Sir The Energy Is On
Yes, Mitesh.
With your support, I had energy throughout the day.
lives
Because I was also a big fan of cricket.
I have played a lot of matches before, so cricket
If I were to say it in a way, my life
And when I land on the ground
I don't feel any pain or day.
You have a great experience indeed
and more to come
I would also like to tell the talent that just cricket
You practice, practice well.
Play leather ball, play tennis ball when you
If you have time, enjoy the game here.
This time he has played it cleverly. Scoop
It is hit out of the boundary for four runs.
Also innovative batter and this is something amazing to see
It is available. Only in modern tech cricket.
Yes, if Mitesh is a smart batsman then
He will play according to the fielding.
Now the player at square leg
is putting. Deepesh kept looking in that direction.
Are. See where you play.
Rahul's next ball
Deepesh is ready.
It was a good ball. coming out of good length
Hui. The keeper was also beaten.
One run as 22.
41 for three with this one bye the score of
Anand Raj United and Deepesh Nitesh Kumar
Just Talking About Looking for That Fire
Works They Got One Boundary and Will Be the
Big over coming up let's see
So Om Sir, the excitement on Saturday will be double.
The beginning was Day One and today is Day Two.
After the league matches, eight teams are now in the same quarters.
If it is the final second then it will be interesting and
The upcoming match is going to be very double interesting.
Yes Mitesh, all the matches will be interesting.
Because the teams that play well are the ones
Eight teams will play today.
The last match of the first day was one ball
Seven runs were needed.
If you need 14 runs in three balls then it is best.
batting that was
Sagar Mausamkar is a batsman
The best six he hit and one
It was expected that seven runs were needed in one ball.
And hit a six but it didn't connect.
found
Yes!
The next ball may be hit with a reverse shot
Beaten
Very clever move by Rahul. They
Saw that Deepesh had already turned around. to the ball
And put it on the off side. Coming from good length
The ball landed in the keeper's hands
Who made the player stand at square leg.
There his shot was a little heart-shaped.
Has been blocked.
Two balls remaining in this over.
Next ball from Rahul's side of the pavilion
It was a good ball, going down the off side but he
The batsman ran for the second run and
Dipesh could not complete the innings and was run out.
A very strong throw came to the keeper and the keeper
did not make any mistake
Yes, exactly, how much a fielder gets here
Must have fast, quick reflexes
Because every run is precious here.
Yes Mitesh, but the throw should come at the right end.
Needed
Exactly right and throw it here
is a must. But Deepesh did well here
He batted at . He hit a four
Is. Worked for my team.
Yes.
14 off 10 balls and 5.5 runs
43 for four.
Rahul Sawant will bowl the last ball of this over.
New batsman
He is also not a left-handed batsman, sorry.
Bing with the left hand and
Batting from
Neeraj
The last ball of this over was bowled by Rahul to Neeraj.
For
The ball was pitched, slightly short ball at third
Played towards the man and the player went there
The ball was missed but the point player ran.
for two runs.
So the over ends with two runs. six overs
After 45 for four. Who will win and
Who will lose? Attack.
12 balls remaining in this match.
see that
So what does it take to score a 60 in 12 balls?
Figures like 60 in the first quarter-final
The team was chasing a target of
That shot was done by one run.
Yes, Nitesh.
So I think 70 is a very high figure.
It will be challenging
Yes, some big hits for him.
Need
Symbol Steps
He bowled very well yesterday as well.
good fielding
Let's see what he does for his team today.
Are
Nitesh is on strike
Good ball, overpitched ball on the on side
I wanted to hit hard but
Slightly missed shot
Player positioned on the on side. by one run
They won't get much.
Now Neeraj has come, quite tall and strong
Batsman. Let's see what's in front of Pratik
We do. Pratik bowls next ball
Pushed lightly to the off side. One
Batsman runs for runs. Second run also
Complete
will that do.
48 off 4 with two runs on the board here.
Neeraj and Nitesh are at the double N crease.
Now he would like both of them to play till the end.
Batter takes a wicket, then a big figure
65 70 like you said hit big hits
The way fours and sixes will be scored
Batting is here, bowling is here
Best bowling being Panthers
Yes, Mitesh plays with very light hands.
Diya fielder there towards square leg
present and fumbled fielder first run loud
For
Could not stop by two runs
Anand Rai United's 50 with two runs
Full 50 up
And this time good strike high in the air but
It will land safely between the two fielders.
Will go for two
So now look at the strike here with two runs.
Are rotating. Good batting here.
It is happening. Ananda Ra United
52 for four
Two balls remaining in this over.
Let's see what Neeraj does in these two balls
Are.
Pratik has bowled well so far but
He did not get much support from the fielders.
Of. Where a run should have gone
Got two runs each. Good running between the
Wicket. Played lightly at third man
on the side
Last ball of this over
53 p.m.
four wickets
Now Nitesh is on strike to hit long shots.
are known for.
As we said, hit with a little light hands.
Batsman runs for one run and scores another run
Took it.
Neeraj Kafi
He is a tall and strong player.
And very good running between the wickets. Seven
Over 55 runs, four wickets.
It remains to be seen whether Nitesh and
How many males can Neeraj add to his team?
Anand Raj 4 for 55 after seven overs
United coming up the last over of the
First Innings
Parasharma
in the bowling attack
There has been a good partnership between these two.
38 runs in 3 balls for five wickets
This time we bowled brilliantly on this pitch.
I have seen a lot of medium sir and left arm
The spin gets a good turn movement
Yes!
Left Arm
Bowler Har has always proved to be a cargal. If
If you keep the pitch right, it will be a little difficult to play.
goes.
next ball
And again a dot ball like Nitesh ji
I said that the angle formed by the left arm
He is on the off side, hitting the batsman again and again
Beats it. If he is a clever batsman then
If read, he can hit well.
Third ball of this over
Two dots to Neeraj, third ball good.
The ball was a miss shot and the ball was headed towards point.
a spinning run
Three balls, two runs in this over.
Yes, you have to see the last three balls, 57 for four.
The score is currently three big hits
Neeraj and Nitesh will definitely be taken here.
I will try my best now
Because a large
We will set a big target here.
The contest is a quarter-final game and
Who will make it to the semi-finals?
The way bowling has been done here, Parash
Ram has
And this run out must be seen
The leg keeper could not collect the ball.
I think he hit the stumps with his hands.
Has dropped it. The ball has not come into his hands.
Like here we had a vision that the ball was in his
It was not in hand. his hand his hand stump
It is on. It seems to me like this and so
The umpire has given not out.
So with two runs the score here is 57 for four.
Will check more. yes here three extra
Meaning wide and plus two. 60 on four last three
ball
So we were talking about maybe reaching 70.
Good ball here, chance in the block hole.
Not paying for the big shot
Yes, Mitesh.
There were no eyes in their slots, otherwise they would have come straight
was sending it for six runs
Yes, but he bowled a very good ball.
Block Hall
It was a yorker ball and Neeraj bowled it just as well.
Played.
61 for four, last two balls and this time the game
has given
Goes for two runs in the long on region.
Have been. The throw is direct and will be out.
Great throw there
Captain Hemant in the long on area
Made a great throw. And after the fifth wicket
five for 62 in
And coming up the last ball of the first
Innings.
What would he like to say about that last ball six?
Wicket Om Sir.
Yes, we have to see that there are new batsmen.
The captain sent him away saying something to him.
will be. What do you have to do on the last ball?
Very good bowling
Left Arm
And
Missed keeper has a bit of an injury here
This shot pitches the ball on the
And that's eight overs gone 62 for six pinks
Panthers need 63 to win
And now coming up for the toss time one more
Quarter Finals Admet Titans Captain
And one is one team captain come to the toss
For.
So I believe it's going to be a very
Very tough competition.
Whoever wins, it should start with us, right? End
Admit it Titans patience you been a fantastic ah
Contender We Have Seen in Other Tournaments
Also. And this is the big moment for you.
They would like to enter the semi-finals
By beating?
Obviously, this is the motive of every team.
That they play finals and ours is also the same
The motive is that we will play the finals and
Definitely ICI one IL team is a
Very strong team. We have seen the batting
Line up, bowling line up yesterday. So, V
Are we already made the strategy how
To depend on them. [Laughter]
We have not seen any video, friend.
ok if you are a fan of one i will one team make
Some noise.
Come on kids.
Ok. If you are a fan of one I will one team in
The counter three to one make some noise.
What is the matter. He heard the voice of all three
Has gone. And If You Are a Fan of Admit Titans
Make some noise.
Admit Titan won.
And from the official Who Will Call? Admit
Titans Will Call Hades Is The Call Hades It
Is you want the toss what to decided and
Why? Bowling Bowling.
Okay, I wish you all the best.
So Adammed Titans They Have Won The To
Decided to bowl first. Quarter Finals
Three Will Be the Biggest Rivalry
Coming Up of the Tournament
back in the match
So welcome back once again everyone who are
Watching Us Live Are Present Over Here
Myself Mish Solanki I am welcoming you all
ICSBoard
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
League Two to Six Season Three
We Are in Mumbai and A Fantastic
Environment Here and Currently Mumbai
Witnessing 24 degree centigrade
The temperature is rising now as in the
In the morning it was around 19 degrees
centigrade
And we're all set to start the second
Innings Play Pink Panthers They Need 63 To
Win and who will enter into the semi-finals V
Already Got The One Semifinalist The Team
Howdon
The defeated team Unit Strikers
Okay, before the start, mean while music.
DJ
Can welcome in a count of three to one game
On
First ball first ball oh that was a chance
For the Catch a Bit of Miss Judgment
at the fielder standing at point that could
Be the big wicket if that could be taken
Two Runs
Rest is possible
On Strike Pratik Kadam On On Strike
and Neeraj Bhardwaj
Already started the presidings
63 to Chase We Have Seen the First Quarter
Final
The target was set up of 60
So we're getting that number 60 again on the
score board
Wow innovation that's a scope
But good stop only a single
And the umpires will do a little check here.
So that's not a boundary.
I inform all the teams that the nearest
It will remain the person's call and the players' call.
Will remain. We don't have a review system here.
Very good ball. Very good on the off side
effort but
Excellent Effort 100 marks for the effort
Excellent Effort
loud applause and once again
Fielding a little bit there to maintain balance
He slipped and took four runs.
4 balls 10 runs no wicket Pink
Panthers
The ball in the air is a chance
And here the catch was missed and a dream was broken.
A catch should have been taken at such a time.
But luck is on the side of the Pink Panthers
5 balls, 11 runs, no wickets
This time he wanted to play on the on side but went off
There were fielders on the side.
You were a little late, if you had run faster
A catch could have resulted in 12 runs after one over.
No wicket, 51 runs needed in seven overs
Music
And once again welcome Om Sir your combox
I have seven overs in 51 overs in the coming three I think
Pink Panthers will bat like this in the over
12 runs per over so chase with ease
Will target
Yes Mitesh Vishram
Enough
batting well
Along with him, Prateek Kadam is a good batsman.
Are considered. To see the sky
Left arm round across good bowler
Are.
The next ball was from Akash.
able to pull out
Sky's first ball
very good ball
I wanted to play on the on side but it was a little bit
towards the cover along the outer edge
No runs like I said Akash is good
Is a bowler.
Next ball: A very good ball from Akash.
Look down at the fielder and
It was a comfortable catch but
The fielder did not support Akash.
Now rest is on strike.
Next ball, good ball to Akash Vishram
And they won't leave again
Rest again your favorite shot
I want to play but
who has made the batter uncontrollable
1.4 Four 13 off 150 now in 38 balls
want to connect
Very rarely have we seen players tennis
In cricket, he connects well.
There is a shot waiting on the leg side
Up pitch length come again
And he could make a big attack.
Wanted to take the second run.
Another six overs on 14 after two overs
49 runs needed in six overs
Tax run rate from end required around 8.17
Eight runs in every over will win this match
For Team Pink Panthers
Quarter final two is underway
And once again welcome to everyone who is here
Join us live and much more
The observer is present here in this Fatima
Grounds a great a historic moment
For all cricketers, for all brokers
ICICI Labcard
Proudly Presenting Once Again Brokers
Premier League Two to Six Season Three
Deepesh has come to bowl
And now Ramesh and Prateek have a big responsibility
a great partnership over
We will setup it here.
Change in fielding here, two overs of play
Is over.
Power play starts here after two overs.
The series ended.
It is mandatory to have a minimum of four fielders.
Inside the Circle.
We will talk about four fielders. shot cover
point
Square leg and shot to third man. This four
The fielder is inside the circle.
The square leg is placed slightly towards mid-wicket here.
has been sent to the side. short mid-wicket
And excellent bowling
It is very rarely seen. Left Arm
On this medium pace pitch
And that is a different matter. left arm spin
Later Om Sir left arm medium pace also one
Good bowling makes an impact.
Yes, Mitesh.
Like I said from the beginning
That Anand Rathi has three left arm very
He is a good bowler.
As you have seen Akash, Neeraj
The next ball was a good delivery from Dipesh.
I wanted to hit a low full toss
Ball in the off side but bat in hand
The ball turned and went towards point. one run
So Deepesh started well. only three
Gave runs. in three balls
17 for one, he says, in the next two overs.
Good economical binge if Anand Raj
United, so now this target you defend
You can watch this one more time
Slow One Slow One Delivery Was
Batsman completely baffled
It will be very difficult to play on the leg side.
Because if you look at the distance, it's very long.
Distance
Yes, Mitesh is far away and Deepesh is trying to catch the ball.
Quite capable of taking it out. I
I told you that there are three left arm players in this team.
Is a bowler. The next ball was a full toss which
Played towards fine leg. Very beautiful
Shot and gets a low full toss for four runs.
Yes, this time I will be a little bit angry with myself.
Deepesh because bad ball and this one is good
Attacked it. Four to fine leg and that's it.
Now the batsman of Pink Panthers wants that
such fireworks
Continued, will continue now and Pratik Kadam Ek
are good batsmen
Ramesh is associated with them
Last ball of this over
strayed quite far from the direction
What about Mitesh who hit a four on the previous ball.
Run Run came, that was a little mindset, Deepesh
That this time I should bowl a little outside the off stump.
I will take you out but you are lost in the direction
22 runs, one wicket, good ball, block hole
I was inside edging to fine leg.
The ball went towards and he ran for a run.
batsman until fielder
Satisfaction with one run by catching and throwing the ball
Yes, the over ends with one run.
Another five overs on 23 after three overs
40 runs needed.
Yes, eight runs per over.
Correct. eight overs
To score eight runs in each over is to win the match.
Ramesh and Prateek are ready for this but
Piyush Lodha is setting up the field there.
Are the captains of Anand Ra United
And he knows that in the next two overs such
have to bowl
We will try to defend this target.
Yes, once again a left arm bowler.
Piyush has used Neeraj's spell
the second over of
I think Om Sir I am also a leg leg
I am a spinner, now I also want left arm spin.
should become
Yes, Mitesh.
We will also make a new innovation and a new beginning.
Okay, you also got some practice.
Need
Absolutely need to play a lot of matches.
Matches played here at Matima Ground
Good on leather ball, had a good experience
Is
Yes!
The fielder made the judgment with great gusto.
Did. This little ball turns
Outside edge after hitting the shot.
Yes, ball at point and third man
It just moves around a little. If the fielder is there
If you are not clever then the ball will spin and go four times.
Could have gone for runs. but good
Fielding Neeraj's next ball.
Good ball. Very good keeping.
So far in this tournament, I think
Best as long as I am umpiring
Keeper
He seems to be from Anand Rathi's team. Enough
Collecting nice and clean.
MS Dhoni was also shocked there.
The way he kept
And
The keeper who greatly boosts the morale of the bowlers
Is.
Direction of a softly played point
In. There is no player. for a run
The batsman ran but not by four runs.
Couldn't stop it.
Powerful fantastic four. Score with this four runs
28 more runs needed, now 27
In balls.
Mitesh, I was a little surprised that the left arm
You haven't kept a point for the bowler.
Because his balls are all coming out.
right here
The same batsman saw and played a clever shot.
played
And we see when left arm spinner
If a right-handed batsman bowls
Ravindra Jadeja and Yuvraj Singh, you saw
Will keep in points in international matches
And this time a big appeal
But safe
Very good keeping
So we were talking about international cricket.
Ravindra Jadeja was a very good fielder.
I knew that one moment
He ran out Ricky Ponding.
Thrown from deep backward square at the
Strikers End
Krishna the keeper
A little bit of a deviate and the umpire sees
Could not escape from.
Just as in the Mahabharata, Krishna told Arjuna
Was made to win. I want to see Krishna
trying my best
You are absolutely right, Anand Ra United
Try Your Best Pink Panthers Try Your Best
This time the ball is blown in the air, there is a chance
will grab it
Fall of wicket number two
Wanted to play a big stroke but went long
in the hands of the on-fielder
Sir
Yes, he still has the Pink Panther.
The batsmen are present.
Still symbol steps
are present on the Kaj. Set is the batsman. New
batsman
Rahul is also known for his big hits.
Are. Enough
good batsman and
Capable of hitting long shots.
Yes, you are absolutely right. Rahul is a big hitter
Sawant. You must have heard the name Rahul but now
You must have seen my exploits.
The way the middle order bats now
A big responsibility has come upon me
Yes Amitesh, the next ball was very good from Neeraj.
Good ball, pushed lightly.
A run towards cover and point
Seven runs conceded here at the end of the over and
Neeraj added the wicket
Four overs in two and four overs at 30
need 33 runs
Music
New bowler Pushpak
Look out for your team
What does Rahul Halke do on the field?
going by the steps
Pushpak took a brilliant catch in the previous over.
He has been promoted to bowling, yes.
Mitesh, I have to see only three bowlers so far.
Now four were used in eight overs
Pushpak is the bowler to watch for his team.
what do you do
Very good ball
But Navsad Sir
Caught by the eyes and wide ball
Trying to hit big strokes this time
But I could not do it from time to time.
Yes Mitesh Pushpak
Even though it looks a little light, the ball
Read the batsman who can rotate the innings.
Have been.
Yes they say Murti Lahanpan Kirti
Great.
Yes. Look at this ball
31 runs needed. 3.5 overs now, 23 balls
31 runs in. A big over Om Sir and the match turned around
Can.
Excellent fielding here.
The long off fielder came forward to mid off.
30 runs needed. 3.4 coming soon
And that's enough
A ball going too far outside is called a wide ball.
Signal umpire Mr. Naushad Khan there
giving the signal
29 runs needed.
Great Bing wanted to connect but
No contact there over the bat if
If I could connect, it would have been a big hit.
Medium pace slow variation is working well
Since yesterday we have seen many matches and now
Quarter Final Two
This time the top edge backward region has been stopped.
Fielder gave away only a single.
Right here Krishna who is the wicketkeeper
MSD them
Should get the title of. Krishna The Untold
story
And this time he has given the ball a chance in the air.
Is.
The umpire will check there.
A Fantastic Vision of
The Air India Airlines
40 for two that's the end of the over. five overs
After 40, two more are needed in three overs.
23 runs. Pink needed 23 runs in 18 balls
To the Panthers.
Music
Two more for 40 after five overs
Coming to more special overs left arm
Spin into the Attack and This Time Quid Away
Nicely
I read it well and went on the back foot and
Pushed to point for a single
22 runs in 17 balls for Pink Panthers
Which team will go to the semi-finals?
How Done Already Entering the Semi-Finals
Have you seen the Pink Unlit Strikers?
He defeated the beat
And this ball turned a bit but back up
The fielder was short fine leg fielder third
Man shot to third man for backup
Come on time and you will get only one run.
21 runs 16 balls here we go. that's a good
Shot. Good strike in the air. Just Over The
Fielder.
Runs have been bowled with great hits now with ease
Also, I think now with each run
Pink Panthers can win this match.
But Anand night United such a match
Won't let go.
Will definitely be looking for wickets.
It has blown away. There is a chance but no
Spectators
You are amazing.
Eight runs needed now, only eight runs. 13 balls
I have won the match. need to win
Is
And this time it is the government of Ping Panthers.
And there's a little Pink Panthers here.
The noise meter has increased.
This time the ball in the block hall but well
read off. He went wide outside off stump and two more.
Runs will be taken here.
And they need a big one six runs 12 balls
Six runs needed. So Pink Panthers
Supporters Make Some Noise
what's up yes
But Anand Rai United is now coming to
Crucial over of the match
Coming up, they will have to take wickets.
Here's what can help you win this match.
For
We will have to see, the dice can turn whatever happens.
could
Mean Viol Music
Here we go six runs and
And this time flick away nicely for a
Pink Panthers need just a single win now
Five runs needed
But here both the teams played cricket.
Have played Anand night to praise United
will be
A big target setup this time blown
Is. There is a chance. Oh, the catch is missed here.
Look, luck is giving you a chance. Anything
This match could have been overturned but the catch
Drop and four runs needed. Now is this winning?
Will there be a shot? Pratik Kadam 26 15 ball two four
One six and Rahul Sawant 12 eight ball one
Six.
Winning partnership is 30 in 15 balls
In
Wanted to connect but got beat up now
There is still a chance, four runs and nine balls left.
Dipesh will definitely be in search of wickets
This time a powerful blow to mid-wicket.
A fielder is deployed in the area. a single run
I will take it here.
Just need three runs to get to the semi-finals
stamp.
That's High in the Air
And taken. Something to cheer for Deepesh.
Something to chair for Anand United. still
We will not let the match go like this.
Three runs needed in seven balls. That's One
More wickets fall for Ping Panthers.
Three Runs from Seven Balls Music.
Three Runs
Seven Ball Hemant The Captain
Good Strike
They are looking for Azura and Sent Back only
A single so only two needed and six balls
For the Pink Panthers Ajooba Kamal Kuch Jadoo
Anand Ra United will have to achieve this target
to defend the
So six balls and two runs
Music
what a fantastic
Environment Here
At Fatima Grounds Vidya V R Mumbai
Witnessing the exciting game of cricket
o what is this happening something special
Something Magical from Anand Ra United
They got one more wicket to run out now in five.
Balls
Wow
This happens
Never Underestimate the Power of
The Common Man.
No team is to be underestimated.
what a man this is
Two runs in five balls
heart beat beat beat beat
Pratik Bhandari
If you collect and throw here, you will be run out.
Maybe the score is level, one run needed, four
in balls
Get ready Pink Panthers team
And with this the match has been won.
And
Hello all, how are you?
Vanakam Namaskaram Vandanam Konechiva Bonjur Hola
Howdy Welcome to the ICI Same Presents
Brokers Premier League Two to Six Season
three and quarter final three three
Admit Titans Taking Up With One L One Team
In the count of three to one game on
Dheeraj will start Puneet on strike.
on non-strike
That was a big shout from Dheeraj Strait
Away Umpire Mr. Om Singh
Standings
and Umpire Mr. Ravi Singh at Sq
Just a Single
Puneet Was Looking For A One More Run But
Bhavesh said wait for a while, we don't want to risk it.
Take
So We Got Two Semifinalist Teams After
Howdon
Ping Panthers Qualified
That Will Signal Wide
outside of line
So One I One Team and Admit Aids News
From the center admit one, the toss decided two
ball first they invited one il one team two
Bat
We are the two destructive batters on the
Crease Punit & Bhosh
two balls, three runs, no wicket
Good strike straight to the fielder Good
strike from Adam Tite also in the
fielding side
And Now Bhose
Will Face the First Ball
That's played with soft hands smartly at
Square Leg and Single Taken Quickly
Four balls, five runs, no wickets.
Ball in the air over the fielder
If there was a chance to go back a little further here,
I would have definitely taken the catch
But there is a fraction of a second chance
You have to do it one time and patience is here
But
Yes, the frustration level on his face.
There is always a smile
247 five balls seven runs last of this over
Punit will bowl on strike
Good ball block ball in the hole and
wanted to hit directly but there
Couldn't hit and could have scored another run
And the over ends with one run.
Gone at for no loss and DJ Wale Babu Mera
play a song
Sea
To start the second over
O that's a very good bowling look at the line
Off the line length of the bowler's end
Looking for Big One Able to Connect Puneet
And They Will Get One Run
No loss Bhavesh on strike
First two overs power play will capitalize
To Get That One and This Time
Backward region fine leg region that will run
Away for four runs
Yes waiting for that f song.
With the Boundary 13 Loses One L1 Team
Three or four balls left in the power play
One fielder standing at mid-wicket, deep mid-wicket
wicket
And one fielder at long on
What a turnaround, powerful, brilliant four runs
For
That's the innovation from Bhesh
if not straight
A crooked shot and four runs
Bhesh has got his second boundary from the bat
17 For No Loss and That's Coming The Unlucky
Number 17/17
Bit of in the Air
But now One Team 18 is out of danger.
For No Loss
10 Runs of the Over So Far
Two Balls to Go
And after two balls that will be the end of the
power play
Looking to Connect
Time Well Well Get a Single in Lucky
1.5 19 runs no wickets One L One Team
And this time I'm looking down to play that
Scoop Shot
And no connection
End of over: 19 runs after two overs
No wickets
Music Quik
So We're a Fantastic Two quarter-finals
Is a quarter-final number three
And we have one more quarter-final coming
Up after this match President Warriors
Taking Up With An
They had a great day first day in the league match
Qualified for the quarter-finals
19 runs, no wickets after two overs
Lots of discussion here
About Admit Titans Field Setting
Fielding restrictions will be lifted
Maximum fielders can be outside
circle but minimum four fielders should be
Inside Circle.
So the four fielders are at short fine leg, shot
Third man, one fielder at point and one at
Shot Extra Cover.
One fielder at deep square leg, one fielder
At deep mid-wicket.
Long off and long on.
One fielder at deep cover field setting from edge
Titans
Pushed lightly, would like to take two runs.
There may be danger but throws direct
No, I will take two runs here.
One shot so only single run
One run shot.
So there was thunderous applause. 50% of that
The cut is made.
20 for no loss.
This time he beat the fielder in the fine leg region.
In. The ball is going out of the boundary line
For four runs.
Puneet and Bhosh have a big responsibility.
2.24 runs no wickets
Both the batsmen are batting well, Puneet
and Bhavesh
Pushed lightly for two runs with hope
will complete
There may be danger, the throw is excellent and
What will the square leg umpire say, OUG?
out
One shot there too
Song on Demand Fasala Instant
The song is trending everywhere. Even after the victory
Leaving the Winning Team DJ Braivo Now
She has become a great person.
Let's Run Out and Pune Departs
2.3 24 for One
New Batter
Sunny Bhardwaj
Coming at number three
Swing in miss looking to play up and over
over covers
No contact, bat and ball get beaten
2.424
One on one, one on one team wins the toss
Admittedly, Titans decided to field.
Took the batting and gave it to the One L One team
And this is out
Excellent bowling performance here Jayesh
By
That's a big wicket for one l one team team
24 for two down
Admet Titans on the Money Jaysh on the Money
from music
Last ball of the third over 24 for Junior
Bat Sudhanshu
Coming at number four Sudhanshu on strike
Just going down the leg side for wide
Umpire Mr. Om Singh signaling that wide
Both teams have made a great start.
Two wickets lost in quarter final three
25 runs have been scored by this team.
on board
Last ball of this over Jayesh
Pushed lightly. Just tap and play
And single taken.
So three gone 26 for two all one team.
And here and a run over throw but backup
Rohit Nibalkar was the fielder there.
slap down
So 30 for two 3.2 one and one team
It's a beautiful slide touch and single
Taken
31 for two
And looking to play that multiplicity shot
The Palti Hit
One Run 3.5
33 for two
Bhavesh and Sudhanshu are now facing big responsibilities.
fireworks and some
We will have to bat explosively.
Last ball, the fourth over, was played in place
Is. The ball is going towards fine leg.
Outside the boundary for four runs
37 for two after four overs, one all team
Four overs gone, 37 on the board, two wickets given
Lost.
If you play with such momentum then you will score 80
I would like to cross the figure here and
One Team
Mean Viol Music
Thank you DJ, please speed up a bit, all the
cricketers
We have a little time here
We are short of time and need to cover many
Matches so please speed up a bit everyone
cricketers
Sujeet Yadav bowled two for 37 in four overs
Changes in New Baller
This time the track was blown down, not at all.
Tried to hit big strokes
But connection was not found
38 for
Bhesh is batting 16 off eight with three fours
Pushed gently. shot backward
Fielder at square leg, one run.
39 for two Sudhanshu and Bhosh Badi
Responsibility lies in the coming overs
Currently give the current run rate over nine runs
Can continue this momentum till the end
This time he has played over the fielder.
Is it six runs? Is it four runs? Is it six runs?
For
powerful and brilliant
Chak De Phatte Nab De from Sudhanshu's bat
Sent the gilly ball straight to Delhi
Make space and quite a strength here and
Timing is very important in this field.
It's not easy to play
45 for two with that big hit
Multiple shot fielder is there
Runs will be taken here 46 for two
Na Rans Every Over De Maintain De Na Rans 10
Runs to get at least 80 plus
46 for two from Bhaish batting
And Sudhanshu with One Six from 147
High in the Chance and Check Gone
Very Well Played by Bhesh
46 for three down one l one team
That's a good catch again a simple at d patience
At Third Man.
Last ball of the fifth over 46 for three
New Better Prashant
And he missed it completely in five overs.
Baad 46 for Three One All One Team Music
Five was gone 46 for three welcome back once
again good afternoon everyone who are watching
As Live Myself Mish Solanki Welcoming You
All We Had a Fantastic Day One and Now Day
Two
16 Teams Participated Now at Teams
Looking for the semi-final ticket
Dheeraj Once Again The Skipper In The Bowling Attack
This time the game is in the air
And you have to watch One Bounce
four runs
50 runs completed 50
Sudhanshu 18 of eight with one four and one six
50 for three one and one team after 5.1
And that's high in the air oh he took that wow
That's MSD for you, what a catch
excellent catch taken there what a catch
From the wicketkeeper
Take a Power for Abhishek
Absolutely great
Cricket from the Team Admit Titans
Fall of the fourth wicket here at 5.2 50 for four
One L One Team
The New Better Coming at Number Six Sridhar
On Strike
Good bowling from Dheeraj
Just a Defense and Quick Singles Taken
51 for four a putting pressure on one l one.
Team they will restrict below 70 I think
Edmund Idens
And that's a cracking shot that beats the fielder
Eight covers run away for four runs
Here That Was an Excellent Shot From
Prashant second ball boundary
Yes he is a villain of One L One team
Pacific
Once again looking to play for the big one they
They are going for two and they
Will Get It To Rans
Good Running
And this over is turning out a good over for
One team 11 runs so far in this over one ball
Left 57 for four
Looking for the Big One They Will Go for Two Runs
And may be that's a leg by signal will be
Le for the umpire signal umpire Ravi Singh
signalling leg bye after six overs
59 for four music
And we have the experience container Rohit
Nibalkar in the bowling attack six overs for 59
Four
And coming at the last two overs of the
First Innings 59
Talking About 7080
And let's see left arm round wicket
Start With
And that's very good bowling
Keeping Away From the Batters Ask and That's a
Good Strategy from Rohit Nibalkar
And this time high in the air
Six Runs
Wow
Excellent timing from Shridhar So
Beautiful so elegant just looking like wow
Powerful, superb hit six runs from Sridhar
Oh God, cut and bold
This is the game of cricket, weighed in a moment.
Masha
Thank you DJ here on One L One team someone
If he is not doing the dance steps then it will be a flop.
Gaya song
6.3 65 Pe Paanch Amit The New Batter
This time he has played with the straight bat. two runs
I will definitely go for it and take two runs here.
Is. Good running between the wickets.
Amit is associated with Prashant. One and One
Team 67 for five.
Eight runs conceded, Rohit got one wicket.
And Losing the Momentum Rohit Nambalkar This
Time the strike to the ball bit off the shot of the pitch
line but going down the leg side
Who will win this best air four?
Opportunity
68 for five a bit of breezy air at
Fatima Ground Witnessing Now O Miss
Completely fuller one from Rohit
Amit could not connect here
6.5 68 per five that's the last over coming up
of the penultimate over
Last ball coming up of the penultimate over
And trying to bowl the fuller one but going
Outside the Offam Line a One More Extra
Edging 69 for five
We are talking about 70, they can get 80 also.
69 for five last ball seventh over
One More Wide
70 for five.
70 runs special for you 70 runs, 70 runs, 70 runs.
70 for five one and one team.
Last ball of the seventh over still to
Complete this time. Good bowling. Good Come Back
From Rohit.
So say gone 70 for five so one one team make
Sum
Wow
Music
Seven overs 70 for five last over coming up off
The First Innings of the Quarter Finals
Three
is on
Suraj Rathod what a strike. excellent
Shot.
Just over fielder sixer
six runs 76 five
Prashant at his best
Once again strike well and this fielder
Takes It and Gone
There is some question
And very well played makes some noise for
Pacific
Good catch again by Harshal that very good catch
at mid-wicket
Last four balls 76 for six
wide outside the off line
V Wide
Ramesh the new better
A clever bowling bowling at the middle of the
stumps
They're looking for two runs and they'll get it
Wow good effort driving effort
Two Runs Taken Good Running
Last three balls, we were talking 80s.
Here the scores have reached close to 80.
Can Get 85 Plus
That Will Be the Challenging Total to Chase for
Adam Titles
Last Three Balls Here We Go
Went towards fine leg region only a single
this time
It's 80 for six 80 on the board
80 per six
Last two balls 1st innings C to Final Three
of ICI Lab proudly presents
Brokers Premier League Two to Six Season
Three
Very Well Left
Very Flexible Batter
As our brush is flexible, batter
It is also flexible like a brush
81 for six
81 for six off the last two balls
That's a good strike at mid-wicket region.
And they will go for two runs and they will
reached the crease
They will get to run
So last ball coming up 83 for six to one
And One Team What We Want
we want we want
Let's see whether Amit will hit a six or a four.
Or admit Titans will take wickets. last ball of
The First Innings 83 for six.
A big hit 89 target will be 90
One small hit for four. 87 Target Will Be
Also the big one. And this will be the big one
Game for both teams.
Still One Ball To Go
is very flexible
The boss said to Amit, how flexible you are
This is a flexibility
Amit was asked a question in the interview
How flexible you are and this is the
Example
In Front of You 846
and this time not able to connect dot ball to
end
Very good bowling
So make some noise for both the team is excellent
Performance Admit Titans One and One Team
Don't Proton Warriors Won The Toss
Relate to the ball first and let an on team
to bat
But before that, a big target to chase for the
Team
Admitting Titans Isn't Easy
On This Pitch 85
have the two batters
walking on the field
And this is the biggest royalty of the
Tournament for One L One Team Admit Titans
We are Rohit Nimbalkar and with the other better
We are all ball in redness Rohit on strike
Saurabh on non-strike end to start the
Proceedings from One L One Team
Prashant in to the attack
left hand batsman
OK in the count of five four three to one
Game On
First Ball in the Air
And there was no attempt for the fielder to
Just Running Ahead and Take That Catch They Want
To Keep It Simple
Not Special
Rohit off the mark is single now
Saurabh on strike
That's a good strike but very good
Fielding
Towards Wash mid off fielder
Will get to Rans
Good fielding by Amit
As a backup fielder Sunny was also helping
And that's teamwork for you
This time he has made space and the ball is going
Boundary at deep backward square leg
Outside off the line for four runs
That's What Ed Titans Will Capitalize In The
Power play to get maximum run score
And if you ball shot off pitch the batsman will
Punish you every time
3 balls, 7 runs, no wickets
This time looking to play a cover drive but
He got that outside edge and there is a
fielder to third man shot to third man for a single
Run
That's left right combination burning the
Capture of the Fielders
And for the left-hander give two fielders one eight
[ __ ] leg and one at wide dish long on
This time completely beaten good bowling from
Pacific
At Runs Considered Required Run It Is
Around 10 each over for the team admit
Titans
Again looking to swing good bowling from
Prashant back to back two dot balls
That Went Too Wide to Wait for That One More
Ball to end the first over
That's a good strike fielder at long on
Boundless
They're going for two runs but a good throw.
So one gone 10 for no loss admit titans seven
75 runs needed in the over Music
The second over, Punit comes into the attack.
That's two fielder setups on the on side for the
Left Hand
One at mid-wicket and one at long on so
Mid-wicket is between that leg and mid
wicket
that's a good strike
I will go for two runs
It's a very important match for both the teams
And especially Rohit Nimbalkar
is a big contributor to leather ball cricket and
He has experience on this pitch in many matches
Being Plaid. And this time high in the air
Chance for the Catch But It Will Land Safe Between
The Two Fielders. And they are going for two
Runs.
Saurabh is very quick. Rohit is very quick.
Back to back to run.
And that's what they'll look for. 10 rons
Every over. they got already four rans in
First two balls.
That's in the air o bit of misjudgment
May Be That Sun Reflection
two runs back to back two runs to two to
Six runs and they need just four runs in this
Over to get that 10 rns but they will get
Maximum Runs
As they can score
Oh good bowling, good comeback from Punit
Swing in miss looking for a big connect
Rohit
1.46
Wow good bowling in to the block hole playing
With Soft Hands for Single
17 no wickets
This is very good bowling from Puneet Pahel
10 runs from Prashant and now only from runs
in five balls
Last ball of the second over coming up
Dancing Down Track Amit O
That could be one more, but he has saved that.
Boundary for sure and only single run
Given
Not easy to take that catch but good effort.
Big applause for Amit
Soch gone 18 for no loss and six overs
67 runs are required
One L One team has been given a mountain-like target
has admitted AIDS has a target of 85
And that's the end of the power play
So the fielding restriction will be
Lifted Maximum Field Fielders
Can be outside the circle but minimum four
fielders should be inside the circle
And that's let's see who will bowl next
over from one l one team that amit comes
into the attack
That's full fielder setup shot third man shot
fine leg shot
cover
end shot mid wicket
Will be interested to watch this over from
Amit because left right combination
Setting Up the Field
The shot to fine leg is very wide.
End shot third man is square shot cover end
Shot mid wicket that four fielders inside
The Circle.
Excellent field setup straight to the
Fielder at mid-wicket.
That's What the Captain Knows and For the Left
Hand will be interested to watch the field
Settings.
long on
Deep square leg, deep mid wicket.
And here we go Amit to Rohit
The Battle Between Amit and Rohit
Oh, that's clever in the air
Direct Hit Could Be The Chance
very close call
One Run Taken
19 Funo Loss
Attempt to hit a reverse shot but
Could not connect
Saurabh is there
Full toss ball just tapping it war single
straight the field at covers
Good Stop By Sunny
Only three runs were given in four balls.
Amit in the over
And Rohit would want a big hit
You will bring an incarnation of yourself. Adamam
Gilchrist, Suresh Raina, Matthew Hayden,
Chris Gayle,
Yuvraj Singh, Abhishek Sharma, quite the stalwart
Legendary Batters.
The most dangerous was the rhythm closener from the South
Africa.
Good ball this time
No runs here
Run for dot ball last ball coming off only
Three runs conceded in this over
And that's gone for a big one banking on the
Roof for Six Run
Full shot of pitch length the batsman will punish
you every time
3 overs, 27 runs, no wickets
That was a massive hit, one of the longest
Six of the Tournament
Lose with that single at long of once again.
Saurabh on strike
That's a very good stop from Sunny and
Follow through.
So only two runs were conceded in four balls in
This over.
High in the Air
Puneet drops it.
That that could be taken could be the big wicket
But batsman Saurabh survives
30 for No Loss with That Single and Last
Ball coming up of the fourth over
And this time connected well high in the air
On the Way All the Way
Rohit has made the match a superhit.
23 Two big hits in 14 balls.
Thank you DJ 4 overs 36 no wickets
And 49 runs are needed in four overs, One Oil One Team
Or Admet Titans, so I'll check here.
I would like to know who will win, brother will win.
No one will win, only we will win.
Will win the game of cricket. One L One Team. If
You are supporting one and one team make some
Noise.
If You're Supporting Adami Titans Make Some
He has come from a very far distance. From Kanyakumari to here
But there is noise.
And now coming four overs. Almost 50 runs
Needed in four overs 49 from 24
New Bing Attack from One One Team Sudhanshu
And that's high in the air
And the umpire is checking for six runs wow
would you believe it six rons
Excellent timing, very well played, that was
A Big One From Saurabh
Rohit has already got two big hits and
Now Saurabh is joining the party in the fire
Works for a maximum hit for six.
Wow!
18 off 11 with 146 and Rohit 23 off 14 with
Two Big Hits.
This partnership is burning the cataclysms.
42 runs scored and 43 runs needed. half less
It has happened. Half is left.
Very interesting match.
Over this time a clever binge good [ __ ]
From Sudhanshu
They need a couple of overs to get more
Pressurize Bowling to Admit Titans
And one l one team will try the level best
And good bowling is a change in the bowling
Variations
Has Made the Trick Completely Beaten
And that's a good strike high and into the
Score Six Runs
Wow
So Saurabh and Rohit need 37 runs.
in balls
That is a big big shot big appeal
May be hitting on her body
Went for dot ball 48
12 Runs of the Over Bit Expensive From
Sudhanshu
37 runs in 19 balls
Oh good bowling good come back good come back from
Sudhanshu
On the fourth ball he has been beaten for six
But very good comeback back to back to dot
Balls a beauty of delivery two and five
Over gone 48 for no loss and in three overs
need 37 runs
Music
This will be very interesting
Teams Contest Playing for the Semi-Finals
stamp
Rohit and Saurabh The Expertise
Works Today 37 runs in 18 balls not easy
Still One L One Team Making a Comeback Here
Will try to take wickets here
Ball and wicket are blown away in the air
I'll try, but what happened?
How did it happen that it felt like I had taken a catch?
C has dropped it and could be the game
The changing moment that could be the game changing
Moment
The tables could have turned if the catch had been taken.
Luck is on Rohit's side
Admit items completed 50 runs.
Just a single.
No wicket yet both the batsmen on fire. Saurabh
And Rohit.
34 runs in 16 balls is still difficult.
Both teams are trying.
they need at least
[ __ ] 10 balls
They will defend one l one team
They Change in the Field Settings
Full toss ball and excellent over the bowler
Stop by Puneet
will get a single
33 runs in 15 balls, still the chase is on
That's very good bowling from Prashant.
That's clever.
This ball was kept far away from the batsman.
Did not let it come on his bat and right here
Bowling performance by Prashant.
And something innovative and taken and you believe
It what a catch but take off Rohit Nibbalkar
Very Well Plaid
Can the team turn the match here?
And one team supporters what story
There's a twist, there's a twist in the story
That first wicket fall was a big relief.
For the One L One Team
5.5: 52 for 1 and 33 runs off 13 balls
The over has to be defended in the coming over.
Gotta see who
That bowler will defend
interesting match
And Prashant has got the breakthrough at
Very right point of time. Good Catch Again
By Sridhar at Backward Regions.
Here goes Harshal the new batter. shot pitch ball
And That's Gone High in the Air Will Land Safe.
They are going for two runs chance for the run out
Here. Direct hit but is keeper has done the
Job One More Wicket Fall
And here's what the One L One team is trying to do.
The effort continues
Excellent bowling from Prashant
That's the end of the over number six
53 for two and need 32 runs in two overs
32 runs and 12 balls
So One and One team is trying its best
Has been. He says the boat is afraid of the waves
It cannot be crossed. Afraid of the waves, the boat crosses
It does not happen and those who try
Yes, what's the matter? You have completed it.
32 runs in 12 balls.
Music
So let's check who will win Admet Titans or
One L One team will win brother, it will win
Brother will win, brother will win
Admet Titan Supporters Make Some Noise
Wow what a thing On One One Team Supporters
Make Some Nudge
There has been a draw between the two
32 from 12
And a very serious discussion has ended.
That's a quick DRM ending
32 runs in 12 balls 16 runs in every over 16 runs
per over
It remains to be seen which One L One team wins this over
Here's how to defend this match.
But now I will try my best
Here we go 32 runs in 12 balls
Tejas The New Better Good Strike
Very good throw quick reflexes
Sudhanshu Once Again in the Bowling Attack 11
31 runs in 3 balls
Tejas The New Bat Strike
o Excellent bowling
And here's what a strategy is to position yourself.
That's a suicidal run out, but it doesn't matter.
Thank DJ, need 31 runs in 10 balls
Sourav on strike is the only man who can change the
Course of the Match
O no O no full toss ball and it will go
No ball and six runs.
That's the Seven Run Gift from One L One Team
Two Adam Titans.
What has happened? How did it happen? Why did it happen?
Is this match changing ball movement for Adam?
Titans.
24 runs needed in 10 balls and a free hit
Ball.
And that's a good strike high wow six
Runs
excellent shot stupid
Saurabh at the best
Extra and now six runs and this is
Turning out to be good over 14 runs in three
Ball so far, 18 more runs needed in nine balls
Here on field discussion full to expenses
What a Match Roller Coast Quarter Final
Three
Witnessing on Fatima Grounds
On the iconic cricket ground in Mumbai
And Saurabh fourth six from his back 38 of 21
Four and four maximum hits nine balls R 18
Run
o Excellent bowling
Still keeping the pressure on here at AdamMed
Sudhanshu on Titans
Off-spinner Saurabh will be looking for wickets
18 runs needed in eight balls
This time good bowling, good strike will give
Will go for two runs for sure
Direct Throw By Two Runs Taken
16 runs in seven balls
Idar
One wicket and one six
what a match
Wow Wow and Wow Six Runs
Four and five sixes.
10 runs needed in one over.
22 Rans Came In That Over.
Seven overs, 75 for three.
Good batting from Saurabh.
Thank you DJ. So if you are a fan of Saurabh
And admit Titans. Once for Saurabh
Let's have a big round of applause, friends. very well
Plaid. 46 of 23 One Four and 56 is Not Easy
To play on these Fatima Grounds.
Good batting.
And tension rising, heart pounding
heartbeat
10 runs needed in six balls and Amit is
Will ball at it looks like yes Amit going
Two Ball
Sagar will take strike 10 runs six balls
Who will make it to the quarter-final three?
Entering the semi-finals
Defend here
Or will we chase, it will be interesting to see
watch what a match
Changes in fielding will make some difference
Now sent to deep point there is
A fielder shot Third man shot Fine leg shot
Shot cover and shot mid wicket in the inside
circle
Very Important Field Setup
And we are all in readiness
10 runs, six balls, here we go
Excellent fielding only a single run
Nine runs, five balls and the destructive
Dhurandhar batsman Saurabh on strike
If this wicket is taken
This big fish needs to be caught in the net.
No Runs Five Balls
Wow good bowling good bowling from Amit
Vent for dot ball tension rising
On Adammed Titans, nine runs in four balls
need
Wow what a match
Oh no
That's a Fuller One Ends
Above the Height West Height
And the square leg umpire signals no ball that
No ball given and coming up the free hit
Eight runs needed in four balls.
Clever Bowling Into The Block Hole. Will give
Go for two only for single runs? that's a good
throw at this strike and and this is the
Wicket.
The much needed break through for the One One team.
There was a bit of a mix up.
And the fall of wickets.
Sagar will go here and need seven runs on three.
In balls.
Good throw from Prasanth. excellent throw
From Prashant.
Three balls and seven runs. Dheeraj Captain Strike
But. big responsibility
And this time he has played it. The ball is going
outside the boundary line
explosive
Dhurandhar Dheeraj Sonavani
What a match, what a match in two balls
Three runs needed, still a chance, one and one
The team must take both wickets with both balls.
oh yes
Bit of mind games over there trying for
Man Cutting Wicket
Three Three Runs Two Balls
Oh good bowling
Believe wow good bowling and that could be the
out run out suicidal run out
And yes, a big serious discussion that is changing the
strike
What will be the last ball and who will take it?
The strike is a big question.
one ball three runs
What a match.
Fasten your seatbelt. Season
It has become exciting. won't go anywhere
Friends. The heartbeat has become faster.
Breathing has stopped. The weather has changed. environment
It has become hot summer.
Who will make whom miserable and who will become rich
Stay tuned for quarter-final three in
Progress One Ball Left Still Unable to Say
Who will win this match, one ball, three runs?
The bowler's mind says what the batsman says.
What makes our audiences feel
my mind my mind my mind
This is if only you will witness this
Excitement in ICICI Lombard
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premium
League Two to Six Season Three Sunday Funday Who
Whose punishment will he inflict?
One Ball Three Runs Here We Go
Oh that's a very good stump, this could be a
chance for the run out this could be the chance for
The Run Out
O!
Match scores are level
What a match, what a contest.
And we are expecting a super over.
Both teams have performed brilliantly.
what a match what a contest
what a battle
But take off Amit which he was driving
I tried and the one who stopped followed through
I took the second run because of that.
Could not score three runs.
And will be interesting to watch
And the super over mein while music DJ G
Thank you DJ, many thanks.
Oneneck both after
Welcome everyone and once again ICIC long
Presents
Brokers Premier League Two 26 Season 3
Quarter Final Three
And Team Prudent is waiting for a long time.
Warriors, when will our turn come?
will fire fireworks
He must have already eaten twice.
The Prudent Warriors
But let's move towards the super over and here
We Go All in Readiness
Once Again Saurabh and Rohit
We Go Super Over
Looking for Big Ones
only a single run
Prashant starts bowling
That Six Balls and Only Two Wickets
The best Bing got totally beat. Rohit
Wanted to connect. Good bowling now
By Prashant
Only one run from two balls.
Excellent bowling in to the block hole. only
A single run. Good Start From One I One
Team.
Three balls, just two runs
three ball two run
Very good bowling, clever bowling, not allow the
Batter to hit only a single
Only three runs from four balls.
What a start this Super Over contest has had.
Two balls to go and Rohit will look for some
Big Fire Works.
and that's
out
And the question from Rohit Nimbelkar
The Angry Like Rikki Ponn
Only three runs and five balls.
I don't know what magic Prashant has done.
Daya, find out what is the secret behind this.
commentator
Last Ball To Go and Super Over
Will definitely take two runs
And only to run
Five Runs and Only Six to Win Music.
Correct
Admit Titans
or one l one team six runs
Three to one game on
Six to get six runs to win and one l one
Team
And that's a good strike.
That will go all the way for four runs.
Just two runs away now.
What a strike.
tremendous powerful blow
And all one team is ready to dance on the
floor one two one two three four get on a dance
Floor Music
And yes only one needed
so one l one team are you ready
One Two Three Four Dance Floor
need one run
And That's the Victory
One the Super Over
Absolutely Pacific
The one who lives the most peacefully is Prashant.
Keep calm and make a revolution.
Three to One Make Some Nice
Wow what a picture what a picture
And a glimpse to the person who desires it
Recognized on screen.
Thank you very much all the best.
Yes, the one and only team became a magician.
He has become the Alexander of destiny but we will have to see
Now who will be the fourth Alexander? Pret Warriors
or Team Aon
So how many supporters does Team Aeons have?
some noise
Wow
And how many supporters of Prudent Warriors
Say Make Some Noise
They are very noisy. Your Show Direct
Reached Pune.
Welcome Back Once Again ICS Labard
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
League Two and Two Six Season Three End
Quarter Final Four
Yeh Dil Maange More Rahul Panchal on
Strike the Captain of Team N
And all readiness so in the count of three to
One Game On
And a first ball wow good shot one bounce
In the fence for four runs
A strong, brilliant start
You must have heard my name Rahul.
You must have seen the feat on the very first ball
Pulled the short pitch ball and made the ball buzz
Gave
Rahul Panchal and V Mitesh Chauhan and Ashish
Mishra started the proceedings from Prand
Warriors
Made room and played towards square leg
Good fielding there
I'll take a run here
what a contest what an
Electrifying the Environment Here at Fatima
Grounds
Rahul once again on strike
There is a chance that there was some misjudgment in the field.
Just Chip in the Air by Rahul
And this could be the simple catch a little further back
If he had gone, it would have been a simple catch.
Single run in the account of team A on from for
No Loss
And that's a good strike and Mangesh
could be the chance
Just a single at 4 los
Last ball of the first over and this time
Once Again
Short pitch ball if you bowl Rahul will punish
You every time.
What a start from Team A on One gone 12
For No Loss
And that's a good shot, excellent hit, six runs
played over long on for
By Rahul Panchal
And what a start this is from Captain
Himself
16 of five with two fours and 16 of 320
Strike Rate Mangesh Jagta Bowling
Oh, you got beat this time.
No contact between the ball and the bat
Happened
1.321 for no loss
excellent
This is absolutely great start from
Team A on
That's played up an over for single
And this excellent start from Team A on
What a start to over 28 for a no loss team
A on
Will go for wide
Extra added 29 Prudent Warriors
Gotta make a [ __ ]' move here. Looking for a wicket
Now and the biggest wicket will be
Either Rahul or Mitesh
batsman
Chetan Kadam will target here
Yes no yes no there was a little confusion there
No more runs
29 for no loss
Attempts multiple shots but connects
Could not score any runs, good bowling from
Chetan Kadam would like to [ __ ] here now
Proud Warriors if they don't get a wicket
If yes, then we will restrict it a bit here.
Affordable Bing will now take conscious steps
And that's in the air the fielder
oh he has dropped that
He ran well to take the catch but
Does not stick to the hand
Luck favors Rahul Panchal and scores
30 runs scored 2.3
This time, Connect wanted to make a place and play
Could not do excellent keeping there
behind the stumps
huge appeal there but
No contact it looks like bat bat and
Only two runs have been given between balls.
Excellent bowling from Chetan Kadam.
Mangesh Jagtap had scored 16 runs in the last over.
But he has made a comeback in the over. so like this
Looks like the damage has been compensated.
Is.
Multiple shots but once powerful
Applause for Chetan Kadam
He scored only two runs or three runs in an innings.
30 raids are not on after a single hour
3 overs, 30 runs, no wickets
Vivek Pawar is now on the bowling
Here is the chance for the first wicket.
Fall Vivek Pawar Strikes
And this is what Pran Warriors were looking for.
The partnership has been broken for good
Started here by Rahul Panchal and
Mitesh and Rahul Panchal will have to go
3.130 on an A on
The New Better Siddhesh More The Strongest
Container of Team A on and Vivek Pawar
Oh is Taken that one.
What a Catch What a Catch from Chetan Vans
again
back to back two wickets
And Vivek Pawar gave his opinion
The start was excellent but the biggest wicket
Here the Jheepak fell into the water
Siddhesh had to go, he wanted to play.
But the one peacock stuck to the fielder's hand.
Catch taken by Chetan
I would like to say for Chetan ji, Chetan Bhai Chha
Ran into everyone's heart
3.33 for 2
The batsman was sent out and Chetan Bhai became zero.
hero
Mirror hero
The New Better Walks in at Number Four
O wow excellent bowling the batsman just
Left the option to just defend that ball
Excellent line length from Vivek Pawar
Only one run given and two wickets
in four balls
link
One for Two
That's Flick Away Nicely
for a single
Only two runs, two balls and two wickets for five
in balls
A huge appeal here.
The keeper went into a celebratory mood.
Directly. Four overs, two for 32 and only two
Run.
So only four runs and two runs in the last two overs.
Warriors successful in taking wickets
12 runs came in the first over and then they got 16.
Runs two over 28 then three over 30 and then
four over 32
A good comeback from Warriors
Now we will have to see in the coming four
o Single
39 after five overs
Now here comes the fall of the fourth wicket.
5.139 for four Welcome in the Come Box Once
Again Om Sir, best three quarter finals
It has been seen here now and this is the fourth
Quarter finals, all quarter finals
Very close, he speaks nail batting finish
Got to see it.
What would you like to say?
Yes, Mitesh had scored 85 in the previous match.
Runs
Couldn't even depend on it.
The match went into the super over.
And it was a very good match.
Ups and downs were seen on every ball.
Saurabh single-handedly won the entire match.
Tried to finish it. But
One and one team is also enough
It was a good team.
Very good ball. Very good ball.
right off the bat
5 overs, 1 ball, 39 runs for 4 wickets next
ball
beat again
The batsman tries to hit from a distance.
The ball before this was absolutely
It came close so hit a little away
Chahaa is completely beaten by Vicky's next
ball
by point
Had to be satisfied with one run
The fifth ball of this over was pushed lightly.
Kia runs for a single on the off side.
batsman
Back
When the alert Mangesh
stopped the ball
Another good ball coming out.
Trying to play from a distance.
I have been watching Nitin for two matches.
Wickets are taken only after the over is over.
Very good ball, slow one delivery outside off.
Will completely deceive the keeper while leaving
in the hands
The next ball deviates
and wide ball
Two balls of the seventh over have been bowled and the score is
41 for five
It was a good start, but it
The batsmen could not capitalize further.
Very good ball. Very good ball. Slough
One Delivery.
The batsman is unable to understand that
Should I play on the off side or the leg side?
Fourth ball of this over
Beat it again at the same length
Batsmen are unable to understand while bowling
And
This time Nitin was successful.
Yes, you can call the umpires after the game.
Or call the keeper and come forward. No
So you are out. If the keeper gives out
You are already out.
So after playing, you should stay in the crease.
Fall of the sixth wicket.
Very good bowling by Akshay.
Akshay bowled the last ball of this over.
directionless ball little
Pushed lightly towards fine leg and
batsman
He had fallen on the non-strike end for two runs.
But despite that, a light throw would have caused two
Run completed.
Seven overs, 45 runs, six wickets.
Now the final over
There were 28 runs in two overs in this match.
Despite that the team made a good comeback.
Mangesh has bowled the last over. very much
Brilliant bowling by Akshay.
Only 18 runs came in the last five overs.
Very much appreciated Bing
Akshay completely turned the batsman around.
Gave.
Mangesh Jagtap hitting the first ball to point
Wanted but missed the shot
want to see
And the throw was slightly in the wrong direction
Keeper Nitin
And the batsman is not stopped from taking two runs.
Could.
The next ball was a good delivery from Mangesh.
hit in the strike over and
The non-striker's affair with taking strike
In
Gave away his wicket. very senior
The player is Chetan. taking runs from their hands
It is not difficult, it is impossible.
They say when two trains go on the same track
It is an accident.
Yes, quite experienced
The fielder is Chetan.
There is a saying in Marathi, Juna Tandu.
7 overs 3 balls 47 runs 8 wickets in bunches
What a start I gave with my wickets falling
Batsmen scored 28 runs in two overs
Highest power play score ever
Was.
But the batsmen who followed him
Couldn't redeem it.
Could not continue.
Three balls remaining in this over for Mangesh. Very
It was a good ball. I want to see the run out again.
There was a chance.
48 runs in two balls
Playing towards the point and lightly
Standing on point with hands made no mistake
This player gave an easy catch and sat at point
in the hands of
and the last pair of grounds
Mangesh
He is as great a bowler as he is a batsman.
Are.
And
What a comeback this team made
As it began
The target should have been above 70.
Exactly 28 overs with no wickets in hand and
Now look, nine wickets have fallen, it is a wonder.
Mitesh, this is cricket.
We cannot say when and where the boat will turn.
And
The team getting all out.
For the first time in this tournament, there would have been an all-out
The team happened.
8 overs 49 runs 10 runs 50 runs to win
Needed in eight overs.
See you after a short break.
Run rate 6.2
50 runs needed
Baller Ankur
first ball
Good ball towards point and
Played with light hands. very good
Fielding.
Stop the ball slightly inside the boundary line
Took and could not stop three runs.
Second ball of this over
Playing it through point again, one run.
Two balls, four runs
Third ball of this over
Played lightly towards third man
In.
Very sensible cricket because runs
Don't need much. Ball to run
And if this team has to depend on wickets then
And both the balls will have to be dotted. good ball
Rahul was behind the ball hitting his feet
Leg bye signaled by umpire Tajmul Sir
four balls six runs
good ball
long hit on the on side
want to see
And we will have to be satisfied with two runs.
The shot lacked a little power. The reason for this
The fielder reached the ball
And the boundary on that side is also a little far away.
Last ball of this over
The ball was on the leg side, I wanted to hit it on the leg side.
But I slightly edged the bat and went to third.
went towards fine leg
One over nine runs to win in 42 balls
41 runs
Enough
It is a small total. At once
second over
Rahul himself has brought it.
Om
Akshay on strike
Very fast batsman and running
Good bowler between the wickets
good fielder
Are known.
Rahul hits a reverse shot on the first ball.
Wanted. took a slight edge of the bat but
The shot lacked power. fine leg player
He ran to third man and caught the ball.
Stopped.
The ball is dead.
Krishna is on strike.
very nice shot
And
Reminded me of Krishna Satpute. Krishna
Seven Putes
Everyone plays easy shots and Krishna plays the same shot.
also showed us.
Like tennis cricket, leather cricket
God Sachin is good at tennis and cricket
The famous name is Krishna Satpute.
Rahul again hits the same shot on the next ball but
The fielder is under the ball but the ball is top edged
Will not be able to reach.
Krishna will have to be satisfied with only two runs.
Yes, you are absolutely right in this matter of tennis cricket.
Krishna is the name of taste in the world and
After him, Karan Ambala is the best stalwart.
Both batsmen also
What a shot, Ulti Palti De Ghuma ke four runs
For
The target here is 50 runs.
Britain Warriors
Once again o the fielder that will go all the way
For Four Runs Wow
Jeet Singh on Fire
four four four
1.5 overs 26 and only 24 runs needed to make 37
Balls
back to back four here
And this time, a great effort
The umpire will check here.
whether it is six runs or four runs
31 for no loss
19v needed from 5.2 matches this is
And o drop that catch that could be the change
Game Changing Moment Direct Hit and Gone
The dream of a catch was shattered but the dream of a run out was shattered.
Direct hit non-strike end not broken
Ends and wicket-keeping
But this work has been done, now Priors
We will win this match easily.
18 runs are needed now in the next five overs.
18 runs needed in five overs
Three overs, 32 for one and Jayesh Gandhi is the new batsman.
Batsman Krishnajit Singh did this work
Made 22 off 11 balls with two fours and a one
Six
Shashank bowling here now
bowler
And Jaiswal Gandhi will remain on strike.
18 runs in five overs, match very easily
will win the match. in the next two overs
I will complete it. It appears like that.
Will get a single run.
17 Rans
Quarter Final Four
Who will make it to the semi-finals?
And we'll take a run here.
14 runs in 4.2 overs
Jaysh Gandhi and Krishnajit Singh
And this time, good catch again
Some Team Chair for the Team A on
And Bruton Warriors Just Now It's Like
Mangesh Jagtap The New Better
Only Two Big Hits and He Can Just Finish
Off Style
It's like MS Dhoni walks in
I remember the 2011 World Cup final match.
MS Dhoni
Mangesh Jagtap came
12 runs needed in 3.5 overs
In overs
Good ball on the block but now Mangesh
Just two big hits and that's it
12 runs needed for 38. o Connect here
Mangesh could not do it. a run at a fast pace
I have run.
11 runs needed now, just three overs and three balls.
I think in this over or the next one.
Will finish the match and reach the semi-finals
Proud Warriors will enter
And finish the match with this six runs.
Diya Hai Prudent Warriors Entering Into The
Semi-final stage.
So we are the three the four teams locking horns
Into the Semi-Finals and the First Semi-Final
Coming up stay tuned for the live action.
Stadium We Have Witnessed One of the
Fantastic Day One in the floodlights and
Now the two two team locking horns we have one
All One Team Captain Sunny and How Done Captain
Huge First of All How Is the Feeling
Amazing feeling amazing feeling I think
It's a Wonderful Tournament and Anyways Our
team is I think we have a very very
Strong Team at the Same Time House is Also
Equally Strong But We're Going to Give
give them a very tough fight
Thank you, thank you firstly I have kept
Thanking you for inviting us, keep inviting us.
For season after season and yah. Top top
Tier Teams Ah That Is The Reason They Are
Playing the semi-finals and yah. We Are
Looking for it competition as well.
I wish you all the best if you want to add some
Few Words One Line One Liner Two Liner
From Himanshu Sir Kapil Sir what do you want
To Se?
Very good match and let the best team win.
Just good luck to both of the team and well done to
You.
Okay, thank you very much. So, who will call?
How did you call?
Hades is the call
Heads it is will bat first okay all the
Best So The News From The Center That Team
How Done Is Taking Up With One L One Team They
Vaughan won the toss and decided to bat first
So we are all in readiness for the semi-finals
One how done taking up with one i one team how
Done one the toss batting first once again welcome
Back to the ICICI Lombard Presents
Brokers Premier League Two to Six Season
Three
That's gone very much high India wa good
Fielding and something mixed up but then
Fielder but that will go all the way for four runs
So five balls 10 runs and one dew gone 11
For no loss.
So We Are Once Again Live From Fatima
Ground Vidya Mumbai Vishal Jadhav The Captain
Ashish Kundu
And Prashant one over 11 runs conceded
First ball went for a single then boundary
Then third ball single then fourth ball four
Fifth ball dot and last ball single that
Was the story of the first over this time
Punit One Strongest Contender From One
One and one team into the bowling
1.36 No Loss Team Howden
So here's a good decision.
Team Hon'ble will bat here after winning the toss
Every container is very strong, says Vishal Jadhav
He is an expert in installing big heads and see
will now
And as said, he is an expert in making big heads.
I have lifted the ball and it is going in the right direction
He listened to me for four runs outside.
Vishal Lee hits a superb shot and runs four.
20 runs with four runs no wickets 1.4
Team Haun
And a powerful strike, but a great catch.
What a catch you have taken. can say this now
Till now it will be the best catch of the tournament.
Best catch of the tournament
Trying to hit big shots but what
I have balanced myself and grabbed it.
Fall of the first wicket
Catch Again by Akash
1.5 20 per havan
Excellent Taken and Suddenly Janti Janti Ras
From Nowhere
Janti Ras Mohammad Kaif is very aggressive
and quick reflexes
Have been good fielders.
Howdy on 22 after two overs
Amit is now on Bing
This time the ball is blown in the air but
safe landing
and only a single
23 for One After 2.1 How Done
This time he has created space and played on the backfoot.
He will go for two runs but Puneet is very
It's quick.
one run
Puneet has stopped me from taking it.
Only a Single back to back single 24 after
2.2 How Done.
And excellent bowling, big appeal there Amit
By
But it reminds me of Totally Beat Ho Gaye
Brad Hawk
Legendary
Left Arm Orthodox
A little misfield, a fumble, and two runs.
Will meet here.
The score was led by two runs here.
A 2.5 on 26
Havan Team
Amit will bowl the last ball of this over. 26
But I have made a cut and completed two runs easily.
Till I throw it there Sunny
Fielder Captain
End of over: 28 for one after three overs
how done
Full toss ball now no ball signal by umpire
The ball is going into the backward region
And suddenly there was Messi.
Football Skills to Stop That Boundary Check
Umpire Mr. Om Singh will umpire
no ball
And we have to see how many runs he ran to get three runs.
or two runs
No blow, no block, no ball plus two runs. So
Total three runs were scored, one run here. three overs
A How Done at 32.
That's a cracking shot for four runs wow
What a hit reminds me of the batting of
Jacques Kallis from South Africa one of the
Strongest Contender
Played Many Matches One of the Dangerous Batter
Jacques Kallis
3.23
Really Play Well in Kolkata Knight Riders
Jacques Kallis from South Africa
The all-rounder got outside as a fielder at third
Man
for a single
So joining in the com box and we all the
Viewers Watching This Match On YouTube Pankaj
Yes, you are welcome to How is a Feeling?
Thank you, thank you so much sir, don't say sir.
Say Mitesh [laughs]
Sir means Mr. Mitesh ji
quite good
The team is slowly scoring runs. If
If we have to reduce the score now then their
The pace of the run will have to be slowed down a bit.
Batsmen Ashish and Mitesh Patil
o a misfield
Great experience from player Puneet
There are players.
Captain Sunny
bowling the next ball
There could have been a chance of a run out here, but
A run has been taken here at a fast pace.
End of over: Howden 4 overs 45
The first day was great under flood
Lights and this ground, this historic ground
What about Fatima Grounds?
Would you like to?
Great grounds, great views and you're right.
Mitesh said about playing in floodlights
The experience is completely different. At once
It is very different. Yesterday we wanted a match that
At least one of our super overs against one L1 team
One is under floodlights. enough with us
All the players wanted to play. but you know
Before that we qualified for the quarters.
Had already. But ah, the rest of the teams whose
Ah Jin who later followed us
I have played matches, we are very happy after watching their matches.
Was excited.
Yes, there must be excitement.
Because you are under the floodlights IPL
You are getting international vibes in it and
At the local level, at the grass road level, this is the most
This is a golden opportunity and you have just got it.
A
You have other players who flood
You were playing in the lights, you got theirs too
Should be appreciated. like last if you
You will see the last match of the day yesterday which
The last match, the last over of the match on the last day
It was excellent, excellent out, good throw here
Quick reflexes on
And that same bell has fallen and with which you
Can you guess how quick?
The bowler's reflexes were excellent here.
For this the wicket was given as run out
And after losing one wicket, we have a very strong team.
One L One team, very good players
If you see, the bowler on the bowling side
If you watch then Mr. Puneet and Mr.
Amit has joy us. Sridhar has joy us.
Sridhar had also played the last season. Sridhar
I am done, I have become peaceful. Our captain Sunny A
Usual captained for the third consecutive season
Taking the reins. Our last series
That was our journey in it
best
But you will get one run.
At the moment the score here is excellent, haun
Team 46 for two after 4.2 so somewhere
One all one team think that now we will rest 70
beneath
If you look at the quarter-final matches
All the matches have been very exciting. But
If this house scores 70
Even if you approach or make it, then forest
Excellent batting performance by L1 team
Will have to do it. Otherwise a score of 70 will be chased.
It will also become difficult to do.
Yes, it is very difficult to play here.
It happens because it is not easy to play anything
Because here you can see one leg
There is a lot of distance on the side, off side
I play straight and they play a lot
Each art should be a separate art directly
To play with the bat or you can play on the rise
Or if you go and play on the back foot, then one person says
An athlete can do what an artist can do
You could say athlete.
At least two or one left in a one on one team
Handed batsmen were needed. like you
We will see that if a left-handed batsman
For if the position on his leg side
We will see and if the size of the end ground
If I say so, it is quite small compared to right
Handed. So a four or six shot for them.
It is a little easy to kill, collect runes from there.
to do. which if you look at our
Those in the opposition who won the previous matches
They have played at least two or three
He was a left-handed batsman and scored runs
He also scored well and this was out
We were talking here and here
Wicket-keeper number three 49 after five overs
Pay three now Team How Done
And Pankaj ji was talking here.
Regarding left-handed batsmen, my
Selection you can do I am a lefty batter
Am
[Laughter]
Sir, when we are about next year's season
We will start practice matches then.
I will definitely call you. We will give you an invitation
So that you can come at least [laughs]
So that he can showcase his batting.
I will not be able to join the company at all.
I [laughs] but at least I can play some games.
Practice game. Don't worry sir.
For now, talks will continue here.
The current score is 3 for 49 in five overs. Now
It remains to be seen which one will be the next three overs.
Type One All One Team Restrict
Will do and how done Vishal and Aniket two new
The batsman is now on the board. Bowler Prashant
Taking over the bowling reins, the last one
The L1 team's match was a Super Over match.
He bowled brilliantly
presented and in the entire over only
He gave away six runs. what do you want to say
Are you its? Not at all and as
Bowling from Once You Can Bat
You can take shots, but you have to defend.
And to impress a batter he is very
It is important.
Yes, here 50 runs are completed with one run.
Huon's and Vishal and Aniket have already
O here inside edge streak be lucky
over there
The ball did not hit the stumps
Score will remain the same 50 per three 5.2 How done
This time a powerful strike, excellent fielding.
over there
only a single
5.351 for three what an exciting
Contest We Had 16 Teams Join To All The
Brokers
Divided by Company and United by Only
ICIC Labard
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
Ligue 2 Season 3
52 for 3 after 5.4
Team Haun
The fielder fumbled a bit there and threw.
It was excellent but two runs were taken.
The score card slowly moves forward.
There will be a need for wickets.
Bowler Prashant bowling the next ball
And this time he has played it. played in the gap
Is. The ball is going out of bounds.
Four runs straight into the garden at the Nursing End
Has been sent. Prashant will be disappointed with this
With the ball. Definitely he wouldn't want to
That
6 overs for 58 runs and 3 wickets
Team Haun
Sridhar
Captain taking charge of the seventh over
Sunny would also want to run now.
Now they have to stop the speed because
If the scoreboard is at a respectable position
If she scores runs then she will chase the runs.
I wouldn't say that to
It will be difficult, but yes, a little difficult.
It will definitely happen, you can see it only Sridhar
He has given away three runs and bowled his first over.
He had only three runs and taken one wicket.
Sridhar has done a very economical binge
There could be a chance here and caught and bowled.
very nice very nice
Captain Sunny has a smile on his face right now.
Hogi Sridhar, while discharging his responsibility,
He has got a great wicket in his bag.
Yes much needed break through for the team one i
Will one team and 58 for four that's the fourth
Wicket down of Tim Auden.
What do you think Mitesh ji? How much score
Can you do this?
I have to see how Aniket and
Vishal will bat in this over. Now
Aniket is out. Now the new batsman
It remains to be seen who will join Vishal.
Talking about challenging roles, give 70
Needed One I want 71 to win 75 to win
One would be a good score.
75 to win would be a respectable score.
It will be a great score.
But playing here, one says, one says
leather ball with which cricket is played
He has one dream left and I have two.
Three matches have been played here with leather ball and
I am sometimes a leg spinner and sometimes a medium pacer
It is not easy either. The pitch is a little higher
It is a side. There is an upside when you bowl
So it becomes a little difficult. if you
Bowling from the other end, how can two
Some matches end after 10 overs
Bowling and change takes place in six overs.
Four overs have been lifted at the bowling end in the meantime.
But the ball is in the air and two runs will be taken here.
But
And if we talk about tennis and cricket then
It is very quick. In leather ball you have a
There's time you can come back
Because the ball travels. In this you
a technique with a clever thrust
It has to be a force.
Bowler Sridhar bowls the next ball
What could be the best shot option?
Oh
Great effort by Sudhanshu Butt
He missed the catch and he will also be disappointed.
Pankaj ji was telling you that when I was here
But if there was a fielder, it would have been a catch like Glenn Phillips.
seizes
Whether he takes the catch or not, he should definitely try.
does abroad, yes, of course, he says
There must be desire and effort in life.
Because they say as much as you want
If you don't try, you will be a Tata fish.
You will go [laughs].
best plan
Can it be run out? No
Scores progress slowly to the current score
6.5 So Arpit ji in our com box tomorrow
He told his experience that in the bore
Very well organised tournament
Tha from one and one team which I think final
He had entered the
Yes, Mitesh.
Excellent shot ball, two runs for Puneet, second
I would like to run but there is no chance.
Seven overs, 66 for four and they say all
Your tournament is going on at the pan India level
It's going very well, I'm bored
The tournament that took place in Last Man I
Think what do you mean what was your experience there
But what would you like to say about it?
The grounds there are even better than here.
If you look at the stadium we have there
But we had chosen those few top locations.
And if we were in a hilly area, the weather there
It was quite good. What kind of weather was there last evening?
You must have felt it here, it's exactly the same.
kind of a little bit colder weather there
Our team has enjoyed the whole day a lot.
If you watch the match end of the new edition, it will be 27
February 28th and March 1st
again we are playing you know we are again
Organizing the Same Kind of Event in
Delhi also
So people of Delhi, get ready, I am saying
I would like to see the whole world in its full glory morning and evening
to Delhi [laughs]
Chak De Phatte
And the enthusiasm of the people of Delhi is different.
Look, I've had matches there.
on the ground and it is a historical ground and
Let me talk about Feroz Shah Kotla here.
There is also a local ground, so there is a different crowd.
There is support and very good support there.
remains.
Amit is an excellent bowler
Players on our One on One team this year
Comes in edition. If you start from the beginning
If you are watching his ball then it will be quite
He has been an economical bowler for us now.
till. Next ball by Amit.
So here's the last three balls 68 for four and
Let's talk about 70, 75, you're getting closer to that.
Hown 75 I guess it can go to Ely. Good
It was a shot but I think there was a fielder there.
You will get one run.
Last two balls remaining 69 for four now watch
It will be Siddharth and Vishal
Look for some big fire wakes up and this time
I wanted to play but
Is it out? Yes, out.
69 for five
He missed while trying to take the shot.
Although he will get a very bad shot at it.
And Pankaj ji from the dugout of One L One team
Only two thunderclaps came. [Laughter]
The rest I think are all about One and Wanting
Supporters are waiting for tea.
But Mitesh ji, if you see since
The quarter finals have started, so everyone
The matches are quite exciting and nail
There have been batting matches. So whether it is haun's
team, whether One IL or One Team team
yes. Everyone is very excited about the matches.
are looking. That is the reason if you look at
So I also want to see that this score
How far can the card reach?
69 for five.
I think Pankaj ji is in the commentary box.
He has restricted it. [Laughter]
He has imposed a restriction of five runs.
We were talking about 75 and here it's 70.
Six.
So Pankaj ji conceded five runs.
[Laughter]
A score of 70 is also quite respectable.
The score is. It won't be easy for the One L One team
Now approach this score easily. But
Don't forget, Mitesh ji, that we have
Excellent batsman like Sudhanshu, Prashant
Then our Puneet ji and you captain Sunny
Don't forget. Yes. and upcoming star Amit
Solanki Jo Main Hoon Next Year
[Laughter]
Such conversations and laughter will continue.
Stay with us friends. ICICI Lab
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
League 226 Season 3 is full of passion and excitement.
Ongoing. All the cricketers are looking heavy.
Keep watching the match, see you after the break.
back
Team Howden at the field
Batsman Amit and Batsman Bhosh
I can definitely say this, Mitesh ji.
Captain Sunny must be thinking that first
Maximum runs in two power plays
Let it be collected. So with this strategy
This time he gave it to batsman Amey.
Responsibility has been given. Sorry bowler Ame
Sorry again batting
Batsman Amey and Batsman Bhesh
Responsibility has been assigned.
Or exactly and how will he give you two overs
If it is power play then whatever runs you can get in power play
The better I make it, the better it will be.
And you can also see fighter Prashant after watching this match.
Is with us. Of course this fighter
Prashant excellent batting and bowling.
If you see Mitesh ji, the last two
matches or three matches if you want to watch
That was also the match of the present, but the over
The run rate of 10 remains common.
Was. But the President had his own army against them.
He also gave a lot to his team.
It was kept restricted.
The next semi-final match will be
Between Prodent and Pink Panther
And I think not only pyre not only
Paying but present warrior is also unbeatable
In the tournament, this Nitesh ji is correct if I
M Rong
No Priors' One-One He Match
Lost but excellent performance present
Warriors who especially Mangesh Jagtap who is Pune
from and in Marathi we say Pune the ka
Meaning it means that in Pune
No one does less, there is no shortage
Mumbaikars are no less than anyone, Mitesh ji
[Laughter]
So all the people of Pune who are listening are ready.
Go because Vadapa vs Puneri Miss
You're going to get the dish.
Jai Maharashtra.
Target of 71 and look, he got hit wicket.
Bhaesh. We were talking about hit wicket there.
Have become. how is this
Something strange happened.
So such an excellent out hit wicket.
and Sridhar
Now the new batsman
on strike
Great shot to the leg and this
One L One team will get four runs
As soon as Yes came, the ball was welcomed with heaven.
and your
Started the meter. One L One team camps
If you look at it, all the currents which
The players are very good. And I Am
Sure Captain Sunny even after Bhavesh's departure
Don't be disappointed because if you are a batsman
If we look at it as, after Sridhar
Prashant than Puneet than Amit than Sudhanshu
And Captain Sunny Himself Batsman
The batsman's line is one in one team
Excellent bowling here, huge praise.
Will we bat for Vishal?
When he bowls and is the captain, he says
which was a dialogue from a wanted pitch starting
He finished it, I will do it, but here
Start this way and end this way
He wanted to play on the leg side again.
Sridhar missed and the bowler could not guess
But it was a great match by Howden.
Won the quarter-final by one run
Unbeaten strikers who score runs on the last ball
The team that arrived because of the fact that he was out
is now in the semi-finals
And as Sunny Sir was saying that the Howden team
Cross is giving a very tough fight now.
And this fierce battle will be happening now.
There have been some very exciting matches today.
ICICI Laboratories Premier League Two
Mumbai Edition 3.0
This is the second day of the semi-finals of this season.
1st Match 2nd Match Pink Panthers End
After this match between Prudent Warrior
Will be played.
Ashish the bowler
in bowling the next over
Excellent shot and I think it's six runs.
Sridhar will be found here
batsman
It was a good shot, quite
A great shot time after time
One run will be awarded if the player is present
Mitesh ji, if you have one all one team in your
If there is no pressure in the batting camp
If you want to create, then they should continuously
Which is at a run rate of 10 per over.
He has to score runs in every over. Yes
Talk about absolutely required runs here.
at nine runs per over and while the current one is also nine
This time it is a wicket and
Gone
Batsmen returning to our camp
He will be angry with himself and look behind
Puneet is the next batsman in
quite experienced
Puneet has been a player.
He plays very unique shots.
Here you will see the equation 59 from 39
So a big over should come here One team
For this, they say that an over of 15-20 runs
The equation may be close
Open over very well played will they go for two
Will the fielder stop and they will stop
Oh well the finally wow what a fielding
Taking three runs and wanting to go for four runs
Give
And Puneet will say there that right now I am a machine
So I am not the fourth run, if not a little
Give me the night too, no, no, not now
They listened to you but it was two runs.
Could have conceded a run due to a misfield
The One L One team's accounts have gone extra
In
But you have fielded well, right?
He Hope
Could this be a great catch?
No, and these six runs
Six runs have been added to the account of the Vanalavan team
Yes, absolutely great shots from Sridhar and two
He hit a six, a four, 18, seven balls.
What would I like to say to Sridhar?
How do you do whatever you do? You are excellent.
You do it, you do it amazingly [laughs].
Sridhar, a bodybuilder, is now a wrestler.
yes no yes no and throw
One bounced and he was a little surprised.
That the throw that has been made is like this directly
Should have done inside circle but throw
Kia was not reached and the wicket
There was no need for them to score runs here.
of
Right here, batsman Sridhar
had gone far ahead in the shift whose
Because batsman Puneet had to run and
He had to lose his wicket in that.
Yes, I am remembering the scene from 2011.
MS Dhoni had come
Sunny is now batting in the middle order.
to
Captain now has to take charge, 6 overs, 50 runs
need of
Which government will be Howden's this time?
Government or the government of One One Team, see this
Time will tell, but if this is the case now
If I want to summarize a little bit, our
batsman
Puneet and batsman Bhosh were sold very cheaply.
It's settled. Otherwise our score board
Whatever the score would have been, it would have been a very respectable position.
I would have. Two overs and 21 runs at the moment
Taking this score card even higher
will be. Otherwise pressure seems to be building up
I am being Captain Sunny.
Bowler Aniket handling the next over
You could say it's a series of power plays.
has ended but lost three wickets but
Even if there is a problem, we can say that it is good here.
Talk about the current run started at 10.50
The required run rate is around 8:8
This ball can be wide, yes this ball
It is absolutely white. you are saying
Mitesh ji is right that the run rate is good but
You should also look at the wickets. Three wickets gone
And that too, if you look at it, the most
Important wickets have fallen for the One L One team
Which should not have happened.
Right here Sridhar and Sunny the Double S
Special Sunday
I wanted to play by lifting the bottom of the bat
Edged and get one run. One Eleven
to the team
Excellent, a slight push to the leg side
Side
Captain Sunny will get one run.
The match progressed very slowly.
Bowler Aniket next ball
A bit of a misfield here and two runs.
I will definitely go
So if we talk about running mid-wickets
I remember two players: MS Dhoni and
Virat Kohli
These two were great batsmen in India.
The young talent that we are playing right now
Abhishek Sharma has learnt everything from him: Yuvraj
Singh Singh, who was a brilliant batsman, 2007
in six balls six six st broad that one
It was a historic moment for India.
If you talk about earlier matches of 90s, 200
There used to be a match between India and Australia.
We are outside the television shop, we are enjoying
Radio commentary was a different thing.
What would Pankaj ji like to say on Radio
After the commentary
Outside edge of the bat and one run.
Now I think that now
The runs will have to be given some speed. Enough
Moving forward at a slow pace. When as
We said at the beginning that the over 10
There will be a need for runs. That run rate at the moment
It is maintained but to move forward we need some
And big shots have to be made.
Absolutely.
Well, I would like to ask you a question: TV
Commentary: A little misfield here.
He will come to the story and that question is that all
I mean the audience, we who are in the commentary box
I always have a question about that time.
Your favorite commentaries from the 90s and 2000s
Who was it? TV commentary or radio commentary
See Mitesh ji, every viewer, every time and every
Experience has had its own unique experience.
You might have also watched TV. live on tv
You must have also seen the commentary and live commentary
You might have heard it on the radio also and when you
In a situation where you are watching TV
cannot see and in such a situation if
You can listen to live commentary on the radio.
If you get it, it will also be similar and equally
Good effect creates you as Joe
We get to see it on Impact TV.
And the best part is that when live
Commentary on the Radio When You Know You
are with your friends and colleagues or with
relatives and when everyone sits and listens to that commentary
And when chair up
It is a different view for the team. Absolutely
I Remember a Moment 2003 March 1, 2003
India vs England India and
Pakistan sorry India and Pakistan
It was the World Cup, it was the era of the World Cup.
This time the ball will move towards the final.
I think it will cross the line
And this is four runs
after long time
Here the pace of run score is now slowing down.
Moving forward
36 runs in 4.5 overs, they now need enough
This was a hate-bent shot by Mitesh, Captain Sunny.
by Yes
I wanted to flick it well
Down to square leg but the ball goes to fine leg
in the direction of
And look at that fielder you have deployed
at fine leg
So we will definitely come for the story. All viewers
Are you waiting? What happened on May 1, 2003?
It happened.
excellent bowling
Saeed Anwar scored 101 runs and scored 277 runs.
Pakistan was given a target of 27 fours
India got the Century in March 1, 2003
The ground was there and Sachin Tendulkar was out on 98.
When it happened, I was in the Kalyan train.
and the way the people shouted
That was a disappointing big sound, that experience
You could say March 1, 2003 was something different.
23 years ago off course you live
You must be talking about radio commentary.
absolutely absolutely
That was a different era. Today is a different era. Today
Look, today you are in the field.
Watching the player in front of you play
And doing live commentary. this experience
How it is? You tell me this also. but before
Aniket bowls the next ball
But we will stop it in the gap.
And take two more runs here.
Things are different in modern times.
Everything depends on the broadcasting team.
It depends on what kind of camera angle you are
switch, how do you rotate it and how much
There is a fraction of a second. if the matter of
do you there are 50-50 cameras and
There is a director who tells you to switch.
Is.
Excellent fielding there, so a timing
Fraction of a Second Broadcasting Team
Full credit goes to him.
There is no doubt that
Broadcasting team they are working so hard
they are covering the ground they are covering the
Players updating the scoreboards and
Giving us the live updates so that we know
We can continue with the commentary or
Absolutely give a good job and that's what the
The team is also doing goal live
Broadcasting This Is Live and This Time
Excellent timing for runs cut away nicely
Captain Sunny will have to accept his form.
coming back to
He looks quite happy with his shot, so this
Look Pankaj ji, four and 45 plus three and 26
You already need this in 24 balls.
are done
And the boss says final appraisal form
You don't think there's anything left to do [laughs] Mitesh
Yes, cricket is the game of uncertainty
Absolutely It's a Game of Certainty V
This is a game of uncertainties in Hindi, so you
Will I have to wait, you know, until the last ball?
Last ball and the last run of the match again
The scores are quite good but the wickets go to the team
have already
Howden would like him to take a couple of wickets
And dropped it in his lap but Captain Sunny and
Batsman Sridhar looks in excellent form
I don't think he'll be coming so soon.
will leave after batting
She, can this be caught, Mitesh ji?
Of course this
And what a celebration it was.
Fall of the fourth wicket here
This very long awaited moment of How Done
Is.
Yes, the work they have done is excellent. 24 14
1426 in balls
One wicket was needed and Howden was in it.
Has been successful. Batsman Sridhar of the pavilion
Moving towards. Captain Sunny will be seen next
Who do you give the batting line to? batsman
Prashant jersey number 14 on the Yes jersey number
14 That Aggression is the Same
Captain of Australia former cricketer
Ponting
The aggression that existed in those times was different.
He had self-respect but not pride. their
I had self-respect for my team. their slaving
How can we forget Mitesh ji?
[Laughter]
Of course, he loved Sourav Ganguly a lot.
had a slightly mean affect and
Ponding
But now when we come to the commentary box
If there is some discussion on Shiva then it is completely down.
Rocky Ponding became the commentary box for Two Earth
It could also be a matter of age
But his commentary is excellent.
Wiki Pointing and Top Most Commentator
Gavaskar Harsha Bhogless means this is our
There is inspiration. But something tells us
Big legendary commentators that you yourself
Be an inspiration. You move ahead yourself. Our
Take inspiration from it. We will give you the way
Will show. You just have to decide the destination. We
I will show you the way. Your steps take you forward
Have to increase. Cricket has always been there. You
No the game of the gentlemen.
But the forwards that are playing
Players sometimes show that they are opponents
It has a very good effect on the camp. it is a
kind of psychological game that
Australia has always done it. whether
Their old veteran player Ricky
Pointing, Mark Vostiwo or us today
You take the player. Now the bats and their bowlers
Glenn Magrat is quite a talker for Mitchell Starr.
Who impressed England
Into Ashes
And India won the Women's World Cup.
And after that the tagline was changed.
Cricket is not a gentleman's game any more
It's everyone's game by Harmanpreet Kaur
The message was given in that Facebook Insta post
South Africa reached the final after winning the penultimate match.
In the final with South Africa.
So, yes, can't we add that cricket is a game of the
Lady and gentleman also. We Can Guess
[Laughter]
The current tagline is Cricket is Everywhere
game.
The over will end here. Five overs,
21 runs needed in four and three overs for 50. still
Look how tough the match has been made. then some
Can't say. You are absolutely right
Were. That he will have to wait a little. 18
Balls and 21 runs.
Captain Sunny would like to lose not a single wicket now.
Fell. The run rate is quite good. Just wickets
Should not go. now then
Captain Sunny 19 runs in 10 balls with two fours
with and Prashant two balls two runs
Jersey number four bowler Aniket Agli
bowling
Haun will not have to drop this catch.
Pankaj ji, this can be very heavy. Giant Joe
You are standing on the long side, you will be very disappointed
Because this match could have turned the tables here.
This catch could have cost them dearly.
Is. The catch was taken by batsman Prashant whose
till today
So far this season, he has had a lot of success
Excellent performance has been given. Foreign Ji
Yes, he performed very well
And Prashant is now on strike. Sunny 19 off 10.
With two forces Aniket to Prashant
Excellent bowling performance here
The entire Havan team is trying to
The match now
to defend
And Pankaj ji is excellent, he said here
Gave support in the commentary box.
See Pankaj ji now in a new project
I would like to give it forward to the commentary box.
The stories will keep coming, it would be a bit funny.
Will remain. Till then stay with us.
You are watching ICSCI Lamb Presents
Brokers Premier League 226 Season 3 and it
Mumbai is my life. Mumbai Edition
Many supporters are associated with us in the morning.
From First Day to Across the World
Not Only in India
There could be a chance between the three fielders.
This is between the three fielders
ball in no man's land
13 in
Easy
And Puneet ji is saying here from the dugout
What does my 13 runs in 13 balls say?
Mind
What does a batsman's mind say about 58 for four?
So 12 runs from 12 balls
Prashant and Sunny
12 balls 12 runs and attacking fielding end
St. Back Huge Hai Something
Special
12 runs in 11 balls
And this could have been a catch that would have taken two runs.
Sure
Not a run
will not take risks
11 runs needed in 10 balls
A big hit here on Prashant Sunny
A big responsibility has come, 11 Rans and 10
Balls
Will be satisfied with one run. 10 runs needed now
In eight balls.
Might be looking to hit a big one
Now Sunny ji will have to do it. Prashant is also playing
Are.
The Pacific is calm. staying calm
Keep calm. Make a revolution.
10 runs and eight balls. Here we go.
And this time he has played in the covers. same
Runs will be found here. nine runs in seven balls
We will have to see whose government will be one by one.
Team's government or Haven's government or now's
Government of Bar Cricket
six balls and nine runs
Six runs needed off six balls.
One One Team or Government of Havan
Sudhanshu and Prashant have a big responsibility for them.
Above
Discussion here on the field discussion
And interesting match to watch six ball
Six Runs Prashant and Sudhanshu and Now In
The Bowling Attack
Oh that's a very good bowling
But no, that will go for four runs.
And the smile on everybody's faces is all one
Team dugout
And this will be the first team entering into
The Finals Grand Finale
Two Runs Five Balls
And with that, that's the winning moment and the
First Finalist The Grand Finale End
Entering into the final of the ICAI Lamb
Brokers Premium League Two to Six Season
Three one is one team take about the team has
Performing really well and entering into the
Finals
Cleanse to Victory from Team Haun End
One l One team won by five wickets
Stay tuned for the presentation
Party
Joining a special moment today we are
Special Guest Present
And we will wait for the player of the match
Award
This talk
Thank you for joining us sir. want to
Express Some Few Words Sir Before We
Start the Player of the Match award.
No, no, wonderful, I think I was just
Here about 15 10 15 minutes back only.
So hello and welcome back once again to the
ICICI Lombard. Lombard Proudly
Presenting Brokers Premier League Two and
Two Six and This Is Mumbai Edition Season
Three. We have the final is the first final is
Already into the final. That is one or one
Team and Now We Have Two Teams Locking Ones
Pink Panthers and Proud Warriors and
Joining with us Mr. Sandeep Gorade Sir
Already joined the Player of the Match award
And also joining Mr. Rahul Chauhan
National Head of Final Insurance Brokers
Can we have a big round of plus for all this?
Too gentlemen because you took out your precious time
Make us here to bring a smile to everyone's face
Aa gayi achanak so thats want to say and Rahul
Sir if you want express some few words.
First of All Congress Isil Lamba Team
Forging true n good tournament. End
Definitely all the teams are playing
Very-very well and congress of playing
Team for Reaching These Semifinals. May all of
You play a very good cricket. Thanks.
Ok. So who will call? You will be called Pin?
The Pink Panthers Will Call.
Hades is the call?
It's Tales. Did you win the toss? Bowling and
Why take bowling?
The teams on both sides are good. And we
I played with them last year as well and at that time
We batted first. So once
Thought I'd change it up and see for myself.
Ok. So we'll bat first and it's like
Batting first. How challenging total
Will you give it to them now?
The Toot Warriors are a very good team. two years
We are watching from here. best players
He is in their team. So we call them 80 plus
Want to give target chase
Because they have very good batsmen.
And if we can chase then we have people with us
There are bowlers who can stop him.
So we want to give a target of 80 plus.
ok thank you very much and also want to
Appreciate us out in the commentary box
is handled. Mr. Pankaj ji's selection
It is going to happen next. and also Himanshu
Sir, thank you for joining us. So the news
From the center that's the team Pink Panthers
Pranas won the toss and they decided to bowl.
First Coming Up Live Action in Some Time
Stay tuned. Thank you very much.
Hello and Welcome Back Once Again Everyone
Good evening, welcome everyone.
Who is in your name this evening, who is in the name of cricket?
Will he do a big job? Pink Panthers or Prodent
Warriors second round finals.
News from the Centre President Warriors
Vaughan won the toss and elected to field first. Give
Invited Pink Panthers to Bat First End
We have the two batters already on the crease.
Vishram Sakkare and Prateek Kadam and we have
Ashish Mishra to start presiding over the
Captain.
Here we go three to one game on.
First ball takes away for a single play against
Soft Handed Covers
Started with a run
Trying to Stop in Follow Through by Ashish
But the fielder admitted off
One of the Famous Contenders
Mangesh Jagtap
Both the back of the mark and single
First Tours Power Play
And let's see what Vishram and Pratik
How They Will Capitalize for Two Overs
That's played fine the ball is going fielder
is running and he stopped to run away
Four Fanola loss of the here with two runs
Three balls being bowled
And it's very good bowling from Ashish
They went for no run's good start from
Prent Warriors
And this time up and over there is a fielder
Standing in Deep
only a single
So bad but safe
And slowly and stillly both the betters
Rotating strike they need some fire wax
also
One fielder at mid-wicket
That's Good Strike
Only a Single Good Start by Priors
One over gone six for Los Pink Panthers
And that's dumb played up and over very well
Plaid Four Runs
Mangesh Jagtap has seen a lot since the last match
Expensive Stay in Bing
First over completion the score
was six runs and then six runs and two
Balls
Single Run Taken 13 Loses After 1.3 Pinks
Panthers
Setting Up the Field Settings by Mangesh
Jagtap gives a one fielder standing
One fielder at deep cover and point
And one at long on
That's a good bowling swing miss
Good comeback from Mangesh Jagtap
1.4 13 for none
And that's a good strike that will go all the way
Way for four runs very well played a good
Pickup shot from Vishram
Outside the off line and cut away nicely over
The fielder at deep backward point for four
Runs
17 runs with that boundary 17 for no loss
Ping Panthers
The last ball of this over proved to be expensive.
Mangesh Jagtap has conceded runs here
And once again did this copy paste previous
copy paste of ball
Four runs and
Vishram is a powerful, brilliant and brilliant person.
21 runs, no wickets after 2 overs, Pink
Pathars
Two overs gone 21 for no loss
And good start from the opening pay
Rest and symbol. So that's the end of the
power play. Maximum fielders can be gone
Outside the circle but minimum four fielders
Should be inside the circle.
This time he has made space and played outside the boundary.
And a four symbol and rest now their
The train will stop directly in Delhi and exactly there
But
The plane has also landed. Now from Mumbai
The plane will go to Delhi. symbol and rest
You will get a ticket for the final match.
So 2.1 25 for no loss.
Chetan Kadam and the Binge Attack. First ball four
Runs
And good batting, good start from Prak
Kadam and Vishram The Opening Pay Something Change
In the field settings
Deep point fielder inside the circle
Shot and see this is innovation, what a thing
The best of the powerful Fantastic Four
This is modern cricket, you get such matches like this.
You will get to see these amazing shots in cricket.
Run back to back here number four
29 for no loss
So One has already entered the finals.
IL 1 team now it is between these two teams
Whoever wins the fierce battle will go to the finals.
of the ICICI Lambs will enter
Broccos Premier League Two and Two Six seasons
Three
This time I have played the ball and it is going deep.
There is a fielder at backward square leg.
Best stop there
Suddenly Jonty Rhodes in the frame from
Nowhere.
Jonty was quite an experience container
Rhodes, kayfabe Duplessis Morning Cricket
Glenn Maxwell in right now Glenn Phillips all
From New Zealand.
good fielding
and Legendary Fielders Across the World.
This time a big appeal
But there is no contact between bat and ball.
2.4 31 for no loss Ping Panthers
This time he has made a good comeback with a good ball.
Chetan Kadam proved a bit expensive
In the beginning
But he made a comeback in the first two balls.
runs and then just three off three balls
Runs have been given. So this is the comeback by Chetan Kadam
in this over.
Excellent bowling, excellent bowling totally here
But it impressed the batter. three overs
After 32 runs. No wicket, Pathers.
Three was gone 32 for none Vivek Pawar inu the
Attack
Just Going Backwards and Playing It
Softly Mangesh Jagtap the fielder at long off
only a single
Prateek Kadam 21 of 11 Three Force End
Vishram Sakkare 12 of ed vi to forson
What is looking for the first wicket?
And that's clever bowling from Vivek
Pawar.
Keeping Away from the Batters Arc. So, he
Will not hit for a big one.
Good Strategy from Vivek Pawar
There could have been a chance of a run out but he misfielded.
And we will praise Mangesh here.
from mid-on to long off to deep
The backup fielder went to extra cover
It is very important to have this backup in cricket.
In.
Two runs will be scored here.
This time there could be a threat and the first wicket could be taken.
Fall Front Warriors Was Looking For That
First wicket and finally they got it.
And Vivek Pawar is again a lucky charm for the
Team.
And suddenly the throw was like Ravindra Jadeja
From Nowhere
Last ball coming up just five runs
Considered by Vivek Pawar
Inside Edge
The Keeper
Can't Stop That Ball
One run to end the four go on 38 for one
Pink Panthers now in the next four overs
Batting with this strategy will have to be seen
If we do this, we will set the figure to 80 here.
Now the Pink Panthers
And that's a good strike and this is the
The disadvantage of a tennis ball is that if you bounce it
If we allow the fielder to do it in the deep, then we will overtake him.
The ball will go away.
Pink Panthers at 42 for four
Pratik Kadam is batting well, 28
14 balls with four fours and once
Made space, played the ball, is going fine
The fielder is running towards the leg side.
She is going, the fielders are running, they will stop her.
Two runs here.
1 for 44
Only a single good bowling from Ashish
Mishra The Scape of Prairies
And this time he has played the ball in the air
This six runs over the fielder for six runs
Pink Panthers reach 50 runs with
already
50 Up
what what a head what a shot from
Rahul Sawant.
Excellent powerful sixer mid on the first ball
Over the wicket.
And I have picked it up once. Is it out?
This time I will grab it. fall of wicket
Rahul Sawant previous ball six and his
Frustration level is very bad for you
See, he tells it all, how much
Precious was the wicket there, these Pink Panthers
has lost
That's a second wicket for Ashish Mishra
Captain Strikes Looking to Connect
Height found but not length
4.51
Pay two
O That's Very Good Bowling and to the Block
Hole.
So that's the end of the over five gone 51 for two
Pink Panthers and Coming Up Three Overs of
The First Innings Pratik Kadam can be seen here
Ramesh End will have to give more strikes
Ramesh will play an anchor role and Pratik Kadam
Will go for some fire works
And here's wicketkeeper number three.
Good stumping by Nitin 5.2 52 for three
Pink Panthers
52 for three the new better
Hemant
And that's a good strike high in the air
And we will wait for the umpire's signal is
that boundary and six
Four Runs That's Four Runs
56 for three
Good shot high in the air fielder try his
Level best but vent for four hemant of the
Mark First Ball Boundary
Wow
Stretching Himself Sliding
For a single run for two runs indeed
Good Running
58 off three twos
And this time he has lifted the ball in the air
Going for two runs
and two runs with ease and once completed
Will do three for 60 on the last ball of this over
Vivek Pawar will score nine runs in this nine runs so far
in this over
64 for three
Dancing down the track straight off the fielder
But a single run they will take at the end of the over
Six Gone 61 for Three Pink Panthers and
Coming up last two overs of the first
Innings.
You are watching ICI
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
League Two to Six Season Three The Samaya Final Two
We already have one finalist.
All One Team They Are Waiting One All One Team
Waiting for which team will reach the final
I will challenge you and us
Must see
that the Panthers and the Warriors
What a shot, but well taken there at cow
Corner.
Looking to Connect for a Big One.
And a good catch taken at the cow corner fielder
Standing there. And that's one more wicket
Fall of the Pink Panthers
Mangesh Jagtap strikes caught by
Kiran Hemant Ambekar Departs 95 Win4
6.161 for four Pink Panthers
The New Better Prateek Bhandari and Chance for the
One more catch, he's taken, that would you believe it
Catch taken at second attempt and Mangesh
Jagtap
Has got to back two wickets. Two wickets here.
But Mangesh Jagtap is on a hat-trick. Enough
He came from Pune to Mumbai for a long journey to bowl.
For. Now we will get a hat-trick.
61 for Five 6.2 Pink Panthers
What a catch from Chetan
Can't call it conscious, can call it clever conscious 61
For five a new better Vikas Shukla
Pushed gently.
I'll take one run here.
one
And this time he has lifted the ball and it has gone into the sky.
Has been. The ball has touched the stars
And this catch
Went for a big fireworks display but got out
One Wicket Fall Pink Panthers and Mangesh
Jagtap
And this time play towards covers region that
will run away for four r
Anybody Stop in the Follow Through
Will update the score as soon as it gets
Updated.
Will update the latest score after getting
Update from the scorer.
to go 67 for six
Seven gone 67 for six last over coming up
of the first innings Vikas Shukla and
Amol Kolte on the cuz
Play Towards Long On They're Going For Two
Runs
And the throw is not that fine to run's taken
69 for six
And that's gone miles in the air Mangesh
Undineet he takes it
one more wicket falls
Seven Wicket Down Pink Panthers and Prent
Warriors are restricting here one
Big score making Pink Panthers here
would like to
69 for se amit garaj departs
Alok Pandey The New Better
Coming at Number Nine
Akshay to Mr. Pandey
Totally beat here. excellent bowling
And Catch Has Been Put Down
7.4 71 to last to ball and this time high
In the fielder that will land save and one
Bounced into the fence for four runs
If you let the ball bounce, you
The ball would pass over the top and something like that happened.
twice thrice in this innings that's a
Disadvantages of Tennis Ball: It Really Booms
A lot last ball of the innings coming up
7.5 75 for from last ball of the first
innings
And that's stump out. So eight overs gone 75
For eight down and 76 is a target to chase
For steadfast warriors. a short break
See you later. Until then, keep it hot
Hot tea and samosas
Send it to the commentary box. Thank you
Very Much.
Hello and welcome back once again. Semi-finals
To target of 76 to chase and here we go the
First Ball
First ball for a single run quickly
Krishanjit Singh and Akshay on the coz 76 a big
Target Front Warriors who will win the match
V One and One team will enter the final
Goods Excellent Shot Cracking Hit
Chairman of this Rahul Sawant has many here
I'm not hurt here, but
Krishnajeet had hit so hard
Four balls, two runs, no wicket, Warriors
This time totally
Got beat.
Five balls, two runs.
Rahul Sawant is here
swing
Good Bing
Big appeal here something here
There has been a discussion.
The score umpire declared not out.
and the umpires signal the umpire's decision will
File Decision
So Only to Run One Was Gone to For No Loss
And that's our very well played that will go
All the Way for Four Runs
Krishnajit Singh and Akshay Talekar
And That's What They Needed First Over Only
It was to run
And now Krishanjeet Singh is one of the
Strongest Contender of the Team Warriors
And that's a good strike high in the air.
That will go all the way for four runs.
So back to back Krishanjeet Singh on fire.
And the dug out of Prior's cheering and
That's what all the spectate supporters
Coming from the Priors
And that's high in the air one bounce to the
Fielder at square going for two runs
64 from 6.3
Silence in the Dog of Pink Panthers But It's
A cheering crowd from Prudent Warriors
They say the game of cricket is measured in a moment.
Who will become Masha in a moment? Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham
Singham of the match
Krishanjeet Singh and Akshay Talekar
and both batsmen
And that's good bowling change in Bing
Variation Swing N Miss
Two gone 13 for no loss, need 63 in six overs
Runs
And this time high in the air and drop
I think there is something magic in the
Proud Warriors Supporters
The Chance Has Been Put Down
Once Again Something's Going On On The Field Roller
Coaster Pink Panthers Pran Warriors
And we are the big contender Mangesh Jagtab
Mr. MJ
What a match this is still the excitement
is on both the teams
55 runs in 5. Time high and the air that's
gone but the fielder has taken that catch and a
Big Wicket
That's Krishnajit singing a big fish in to the
pavilion
21 for two down
Three overs gone 21 for two Pran Warriors
55 runs needed in five overs at 11 runs per over
So three go 21 for two and five overs 55
Setting Up the Field Pink Panthers
Across the iconic Big Ground of Fatima
Grounds Vidya VR Mumbai
We are calling as Lords of Mumbai
O Mangesh Jagtab
and Nitin Nikam the two new batters on the
crease
End symbol step
Wow
Wow fantastic who you believe it switch hit
for six runs
Mr. MJ for you
Class Batter Toss Step Delivery Palti Palti
Give me a round and the player, wow, wow, six runs
For
Mr. MJ Mangesh is a genius
Such fireworks hit the ball directly
Traveling from Mumbai to Pune without a ticket
Are
and once
Wide
Decision by the umpire
There is a special announcement for Mangesh
3.27
Pay two
There is a special announcement if Mangesh Jagtap
If we win this match then Vivek Pawar ji
He will get a special bat from. Vivek Power ji
Let's have a big round of applause for this.
So President Warriors Chasing the Target 76
Given wide 28 for 2, 48 runs and 4.4 overs
28 balls and 48 runs.
O what was that? Good bowling from Pratik
step
Looking to Swing the Bat
Trying to Spin the Ball Step by Step
O Once Again Looking to Play Across the Line
Miss Completely
And Looking to Play That Switch Hit Once
again
Very good bowling from Pratik Kadam just
Seven runs conceded
Good comeback after he got hit second ball
Six then wide and three dot balls back to back
back
And That Will Go Good Stop Very Good Stop
There
Two Runs Taken
End of the over: Four overs later, two more for 30.
46 runs needed in four overs
Once again welcome back the semi-final to is in
Progress: We Already Got the One Finalist
One and One Team
ICICI Lamba Brokers Premier League Two
and two six season three
Saturday Sunday Cricketing Vibes
Many of the spectators were cancelled.
The Weekend Destination
Holiday and they were cancelled because of this too
Days of the exciting contest correct sir
Long Weekend
Those who booked hotels
Holidays are cancelled tickets and
Coming the enjoy watch this match
Down the leg side for a wide
This is what the love and support for the team
And to all the spectators joining on in the
YouTube channel Thank you very much for the
Support from yesterday and today
After this match we have a one more match of the
Third position loser a semi-final one and loser
A semi-final to play against each other
For the Third Place and This Time
That will go all the way for four runs
tinkling square
That's Nitin Nick Makeup Very First Ball
Strikes
41 runs in 3.5 overs
That's 23 balls and 41 runs
And that's a good strike. that will go all
The Way for Four Runs. Wow. back to back
boundaries
And the dugout is dancing on the feet
Prent Warriors
On Fire Nitin and Now After Mangesh Now
Nitin
Good Start
Nitin Nikam fires in the first two balls
Parasha Parashurama
Parshuram needs to come back and that's leg by
Umpire Mr. Fayaz Shaikh from
And We Have Switched Master Mangesh Jagtap A
K MJ
36 runs and 21 balls 21 balls 36 runs
Looking for Big Connect
Could not time the timing and bowl well
there by the ashram
35 runs needed in 20 balls
35 runs in 20 balls
Down the leg side for a wide and plus one run
Two Extra Coming Up
43 for two, need 33 runs in 20 balls
Couple of Big Hits from Proud Warriors
will impact
Mangesh One Strike
Look at the bowling of Parsh Parshuram
Just Considered
Single
And no rans
Single Run Taken
Last ball of the fifth over 44 44 for two
No Ransom Taken and of the Over
Five overs gone 44 for two and three in the over
32 runs needed
Three over gone 32 they needed now in next
three overs
32 runs in 18 balls
Five Gone 44
32 runs needed in three overs
Captain
In the Binge Attack
And that's gone fine that will go all the way
for six runs I believe that's four runs
But still they will check
Four
That's four runs and 28 from 17
And that's gone high high into the sky
From Mumbai skylines to the Pune sky
lines
and these cents
Ball Directly
22 runs needed in 16 balls
22 off 16 balls
What a hit what a shot Mangesh Jagtap is at
Best
20 of 10 1426
Dangerous Man Like Dress André Russell
One big hit they need more one big hit too
Get the equation closer 22 runs and 16 balls
Oh good bowling from Hemant Mangesh that the ball
Will going down the leg side but hitting on h
Body
on the back
Went for a dot ball 22 runs in 15 balls
15 balls 22 and Hemant Captain to Mangesh
And that's a good strike they will go for
To the running first hard going for second
run this will be the big wicket is it out gone
Mangesh Jagtap only departs
And why they're going for two runs
Because they are well set, the equation is not that
Far But It's Like the Big Fish in the Pavilion
21 Needed From Now
14 balls
5.4 55 for two
21 runs 14 balls
The New Better
Ashish Mishra: The Captain Now Walks In
And the Player Resumes
21 runs and 14 balls.
V R Jaysh Gandhi New Bat And Nitin Nikam
Let's end of the over six gone it's 55 for
21 runs needed in three two overs
So 21 runs in 12 balls, all eyes on Jayesh Gandhi
All Eyes On Now
Rahul Sawant
In the binge attack only two runs considered in h
first over
Nitin on strike
That's going outside the off stump line for
Wide.
20 runs needed in 12 balls. 10 runs per
Over
Play Simple Keep It Simple and Win Simple
20 runs in 12 balls
Rahul to Jayesh for is it Nitin
Just Single
Jaysh on strike
19 runs needed in 11 balls
Will it be Inside Edge or 22?
Inside edge bats are here
Lucky to take a run here, backward
18 runs in 10 balls in the region
Who is the Prudent Warriors or the Pink Panthers?
will go
V One All One Team will enter the final
Which of these two teams is it waiting for?
The C team will come and challenge us.
And that's a good strike, only a single run
Good field setup
Watch Rahul Sawant's bowling in one over three
Runs given in just one over, three balls and only six runs.
17 runs needed from nine balls now
left right combination
And that will burn the calories of the
Fielders.
One at Long on One at Cow Corner and One
At mid-wicket on the side, that's three fielders.
One fielder between mid-wicket and square leg
Just a single run, good bowling from Rahul.
Sawant is defending himself here in full detail.
Giving away just one run each from back to back fours
Singles
16 runs in eight balls, one big hit will make a
Impact Directly
One big hit and the match will be a super hit
Or back to back two wickets here Rahul
Sawant will completely change the game
On Strike Double N Nitin Nikam
And this time the game is played
take one run go for the second run
Wanted but satisfied with one run, excellent
Only six runs in five balls so far
15 needed in seven balls.
What a match, what a match. Semi-final two
Live from Fatima Grounds
Vidya Mumbai.
We go to the last ball of the penultimate over.
Reminded me of Jaspreet Bumrah's bowling
The over by Jasprit Bumrah
Jaysh on strike
And Jaysh has gone for a big one, give a fielder
They're going for two runs and this is gone
Ping Panthers
On the Money
Important breakthrough needed in six balls
14 runs
14 runs in six balls, what a match
You are watching ICICI Lab presenting
Premier League Two to Six Season Three to Final
Two is on you already got one finalist one
And One Team
The Orange Army and Let's See We Army
Proud Warriors and Pink Panthers will
Join the party with One L One team
That tension rising heart is beating
The heartbeat has become faster. stop breathing
Has been. The weather has changed. Around
A Bit of Tension Rising in the Dog Also.
The excitement is getting doubled
14 runs and six balls
Chetan Kadam Jayesh Gandhi
Who will become the magician, who will be called the master of destiny?
Alexander
14 runs from six balls 14 Dhan Garg
Warriors Na Ha Samna Jeena Saati
And the last over is at Vikas Shukla will
Well ball.
Here we go Chetan Kadam on strike.
14 runs, six balls. Something Changed in the
Field setting.
Deep square leg is brought back inside the
Circle. Square leg. Oh no we have one more
Field setup remaining from deep backward
Leg
The fielder standing at shot cover
And that's a good strike high in the air
Safe and they're going for two runs and two runs
Taken
12 runs needed in five balls
And which government this time?
five balls and 12 runs
All the Spectators Are Priors Standing
On the Feet They Are Not Able to Settle Down
Five Ball 12
And bya conscious step
Jayesh Gandhi retired, now the new batter
And that's a good strike
And they're going for two runs.
And they will get to Rans
10 runs in four balls
Gotta hit a big one.
The ball must be taken across the boat
must be sent across
in the constellation in space
10 runs in four balls
And that's it, a good strike.
O Taken That Guard Would You Believe It?
Wow well taken. This could be the game changing
Moment for the Team Pink Panthers.
Excellent catch. Went to take a shot. The height was definitely
But the length decreased a bit. and wickets
Downfall.
But the way Chetan tried here
step
Ramesh in cash
10 runs needed in three balls
10 runs, three balls, Nimesh Patil
And only a single they will get.
Nine runs in two balls. hit a big one
It is necessary.
Because victory is approved. hitting six runs
Necessary.
One dot ball will be the match on for Pink
Panthers. One big hit.
Only a single. So one fair delivery.
Will be the match and just a formality now
No no balls for Britain Warriors
No wide balls
eight runs in one ball
One Fair Delivery
Even if six runs are scored, there is no danger here.
There will be no Pink Panthers to Here We Go
And That's the Victory
Pink Panthers
Going Inu
Grand Finale vs One Oil One Team But Also
We can appreciate the performance from
Prince Warriors they played well
showcased this Mumbai historical
Field
Fatima Grounds Vidya VR Mumbai
So with that, that's the end of this series.
final two we got the finalists the two
Finalists
One All One Team Will Take On Vs Pink Panthers
But before that